which any educated person with the inclination-and the
means can be the master of his own world.

The homesite unit is a special segregated piece of hard-
ware through which Grid visitors can reach the user’s
system. It operates independently of the base system;
active around the clock, it's a message system, a business
tool, and a first line of defense against hostile hackers,
The unit provides a honus to defensive programs, Grid
utilities, or shadow programs run by the homesite's
owner:

Quality Homesite Cost  Grid Op Bonus
Marginal $1,000 None
Ordinary $1,500 -1 step
Good $2,500 -2 steps
Amazing 5,000 -3 steps
HarRDWARE CSA349065

Class: Computers

Availability: Controlled

Cost: (A) #100; (B) $350; (C) #875; (D) #400

Mass: (A, C, D) 100 g; (B) 2 kg

Dim: (A, C,D) 10 cm X 5 cm X 2 mm
(B)30 cm X 15cm X B cm

A Datastream Link. The PL 7 version of a modem, the
datastream link is a communication connection that
allows the computer to transmit or receive information
and commands via direct data transfer. Almost all PL 7
computer systems include a datastream link.

B. Dataprinter. The all-purpose output device of the
Gravity Age, the dataprinter combines printer, fax, copier,
and scanner. In many places, it is almost obsolete—direct
Grid transmission of data obviates the need for bulky
printouts or tedious scanning jobs.

C. Indelible Drive. This is a backup device that uses a
laser scribe to permanently mark a 3D chip with a record
of all transactions that occur on a particular system. Once
recorded, nothing can be done to change the drive’s his-
tory. Of course, indelible drives can simply be destroyed,
or the 3D crystal library disposed of in a number of ways,
but short of physical removal or destruction there’s no
way to falsify the indelible drive—making it a vital back-
up for contracts, financial transactions, legal records, efc.

D. Vocal Interface. Keyhoards, pointers, and touch-
pens are common interface devices on the computers of
the Gravity Age, but many also use a vocal interface—an
input/output device by which the computer can under-
stand spoken commands, and report via audio speakers.
Vocal interfaces are favored by people who like “fuzzy
logic” systems or old-fashioned thinking aloud; theyre
also useful since a vocal interface is a “hands-off” device
that doesn't require the physical proximity or direct atten-
tion of the user.

CYBERWARE

CYBERWARE, SENSORY
CYs100873
Class: Cybernetics
Availability: Controlled
Cost: See below
Mass: (A, B) 100 g; (C) 350 g
Dim; (A, B)2cm X 2 cm X 1cm
(C)4 cm X 3cm X 2 cm

JHHME384)

A Artificial Ear. The artificial ear is a sensitive micro-
phone capable of detecting extremely low and high fre-
quency sound normally outside the human hearing range,
such as sonar transmissions or dog whistles. His hearing
is ‘magnified” as shown below, and he gains a bonus to
skill checks that involve the ability to detect sound, such
as Awareness-intuition checks to avoid surprise,
Manipulation-Jockpick checks against locks with tum-
blers, and so on. If the subject has two artificial ears, he
can use the skill check bonus to offset darkness-related
combat penalties due to his ability to locate his foe
through sound.

Ordinary $1,000 x10 -1 step 1
Good #2000 x25 —2 steps 1
Amazing %4000 x50 -3 steps 1

B. Artificial Eye. This device is a video imaging sys- | |
tem that replaces one of the user's own eyes. It provides
magnification as described on the table above, and a \
bonus to skill checks in which visual acuity may be —
important, such as Investigate-search or Awareness—per-
ception. For double the listed cost, an artificial eye
includes image-enhancing or thermal technology, confer-
ring the benefits of imaging goggles or thermal goggles in
addition to simple magnification.

C. Scanner Implant. The scanner implant is a mag-
netic resonance device that can be installed in the user’s
eye or hand. It provides the cybernetic character with the
ability to see into or through walls or objects, as long as
he is within 1 meter of the object to be scanned. (See
page XX for details on the magnetic scanner and weapon
detector.) The better the implant, the lighter and less intru-
sive it is, as shown below.

Quality Cost Size
Ordinary §1,250 2
Good §2,500 1
Amazing 3,750 -

