most out of your time and effort. The 540 is a top-flight
climbing harness, light and strang, perfect for rappelling,
safety rope attachment, or even long-endurance suspend-
ed work on vertical surfaces. Better yet, the 540 includes
an adjustable frame for balancing a backpack and six
attachment points for pitons, climbing tools, weapons,
whatever you need to have with you.

The TrailTech 540 climbing harness—don't get vertical
without it

TRAILTECH PATHFINDER

FLARE GUN
Availability: Controlled
Cost: #175
Mass: 0.25 kg

Stock Na.: 110TG0781

When you're in trouble, you need to be able to summon
help fast. The Pathfinder flare gun is one of the best items
of safety gear that you can take into the bush. It comes
with six preloaded plasma flares that reach an altitude of
500 meters; taggle the flare for smoke or light at a flip of
a switch when you fire the flare!

The Pathfinder's smoke flare can be seen up to 10 km
away on a clear, bright day, while the light flare is visible
up to 25 km distant on a dark, clear night.

CAUTION: Its dangerous to fire the Pathfinder at or
near other people. The weapon inflicts
d4w/d4+1w/d4+2w of HI/0 damage, with a +3 step
penalty to accuracy. If the victim's armor fails to stop all
of the Pathfinder’s primary damage, the ignition of the
flare inflicts an additional d6w of energy damage per
action round for the next d4+1 action rounds. The flare
pistol's effective range is 10/50/500 meters.

Additional flares cost #15 apiece.

TRAILTECH MINITORCH D30
FLASHLIGHT
Availability: Any
Cost: ¥45

Mass: 0.1 kg
Stock No.: 140[ES344

You want a 10-kg searchlight in a 100-gram package?
The Minitorch is just what you're looking for! No bigger
than a good-sized wrist chronometer, its flat profile and
Stickplas™ handle let you attach it to almost anything—
your hat, your shirt, even the barrel of a pistol or rifle.
The Minitorch adjusts from a tight beam 60 meters
long and 10 meters wide at the end to a wide beam illu-
minating a hemisphere 20 meters in radius. The torch's
lanthanide cell lasts for up to 12 hours of continuous illu-
mination before it requires recharging or replacement.

H439 HN0L033 HO3LTIbML

TRAILTECH RockeTBoy
SELF-PROPELLED GRAPPLE
Availability: Common
Cost: $280
Mass: 5 kg
Stack No.: 150TE13989

Tough climbs demand tough tools. The RocketBoy is a
compact grappling hook in a gunlike sleeve. When you!
pull the trigger, a replaceable charge-gun cartridge
throws the hook and a trailing line over 200 meters
straight up. The RocketBoy comes with one of three grap-
nels—a standard deploying-vane model for snagging
branches, boulders, and other rough surfaces; a magnet-
ic grapnel suitable for seating on ferrous surfaces such as
a ship’s hull; or a contact-glue grapnel that adheres to
even the slickest and smoothest surfaces. (The glue-grap-
nel comes with three adhesive sleeves, since its adhesive
supply and gripping surface must be replaced after each
use)

1t it's necessary, Acrabatics—daredevil and Athletics are
the skills most appropriate to firing and securing the
grapple. Launch cartridges cost #5 apiece; grapnels cost
$40 each, and additional adhesive sleeves for the glue-
grapnel cost #10 each.

TRAILTECH HoTSPoT
PoCKET IGNITER
Availability: Common
Cost: $25
Mass: 60 grams
Stack No.: 150TE2302

Fire-building may be a lost art, but with the HotSpat you'll
never have to waorry about striking a spark or rubbing
sticks together. This pocket-sized igniter is powered by a
lanth cell guaranteed for one hundred lights. Instead of
producing an open flame, the HotSpot heats an ignition
