4

ar her range of vision. The gauntlet can detect vehicles or
characters in powered armor at a range of 5 km, air-
borne vehicles at a range of 100 km, and ships in open
space at a range of 2,000 km. It is an active sensor
whose emissions can be detected by any EM detector at
twice its own detection range. Naturally, hills, mountains,
or buildings may shorten the gauntlet’s range. The device
is operated by means of the System Operation-sensors
skill

GoGgGLEs SDV 199840

Class: Sensors

Availability: Common

Cost: (A) #300; (B) #425; (C) #350; (D) $250
Mass: 175 g

Dim: 15 em X 5 cm X 1 cm (approx)

A Imaging. Also known as light-intensifying goggles,
imaging goggles boost ambient light reaching the user's
eyes to provide effective night vision. The goggles reduce
darkness-based penalties by 2 steps, but they need some
light to work—total darkness blinds the wearer. Unlike the
imaging goggles of earlier Progress Levels, these are rel-
atively light and easy to wear, and do not obstruct the
wearer’s peripheral vision.

B. Magnifying. The hinoculars of the Gravity Age,

Y D D e, [~
=

magnifying goggles sense the muscular motions of the
wearer's eyes and dilate to magnify and focus on the
object examined. The goggles provide 10X magnifica-
tion, so an object 200 meters distant appears to be only
20 meters away. In addition, magnifying goggles negate
1 step of range-based penalties for firing weapaons at tar-
gets more than 100 meters distant (provided the weapon
does not already have a scope of some kind). Constant
use of magnifying goggles causes some eyestrain after an
hour or two.

C. Thermal. Another night-vision device, thermal gog-
gles convert infrared light to visible light, allowing the
user to see in the infrared (or heat) spectrum. Thermal
goggles completely negate darkness-based penalties, as
long as there are opponents or targets that stand out from
the background temperature of the surroundings.
Thermal goggles also provide a -1 step bonus to
Investigate skill checks to detect new tracks or recently
handled ohjects. Gravity Age thermal goggles have
damper systems to negate the blinding effect of sudden
heat blooms.

D. Sonic. Two forms of sonic goggles exist. The first
converts sound echoes into visible light, allowing the user
to see by echolocation. This negates darkness- or water-
hased penalties. The second version costs $2,500 and
requires a cybertech implant in the wearer's visual cor-

_

T4

