check score—15+/14/7/3; Actions per round 3; Mass 30
kg; Size 1 meter tall; Processor quality—Good (10 active
slots); Stored programs—operating system, Medical
Science~medical knowledge 2, Medical Science-surgery,
Medical Science-treatment 3.

NANOSURGERY KiT

Surgeons are only human (well, in most cases they are).
Even today, some surgical repairs are simply beyond
their skill. With our new nanosurgery kit, no surgery is
impossible. The surgeon never touches the patient—
instead, he's the general of an army of nanorobots,
orchestrating the most difficult surgical procedures with
perfect precision and execution.

The nanosurgery kit consists of three major compo-
nents: the control unit, the nanorobot storage and arming
chamber, and the nanorohot injection and retrieval sys-
tem. The entire assembly is housed in a tough plastic cas-
ing. The nanosurgery kit isn't intended for use as a com-
bat surgery station; it has no provisions for anesthetizing
the patient, securing his body, or monitaring his life func-
tions. It's basically a very sophisticated scalpel.

The control unit is a top-notch desktop computer
equipped with a sensor and communications package,
allowing the surgeon to relay his orders to the nanorobots
inside the patient. It's also slaved to microassembly lines
within the storage chamber in order to produce the exact
type of robots needed. Specialized sensor nanorobots act
as the control unit’s eyes and ears inside the patient. The
nanorobots are injected into the bloodstream or lymphat-
ic system, or delivered as an aerosol to the nasal pas-
sages or lungs. They can be retrieved through a simple
blood-extraction tube.

A surgeon must have rank 5 in Medical Science-
surgery in order to use the nanosurgery kit with best
effectiveness. The kit adds a -2 step bonus ta the sur-
geon's skill checks (only -1 if the surgeon doesn't have
the right training) and allows the surgeon to heal 1 point
of mortal damage and 2 points of wound damage on each
success achieved during the complex skill check (instead
of each two successes). Each time the kit is used to per-
form nanosurgery, it costs $2,000 to replace the exotic
nanotech and materials expended in the operation. ltem
210995872, $25,000, 10 kg, Restricted

IM NEURAL STIMULATOR

Death itself is no longer a barrier to the well-equipped
doctor. The neural stimulator can return the spark of life
to a clinically dead patient. It's a desperate measure, to be
sure, but if it's the only chance you've got to save a
patient, you've got to give it a try.

The neural stimulator generates thousands of
microcurrent pulses of electricity in the subject’s brain and

spinal cord, possibly retrieving him or her from the “flat-
line® of brain death. It resembles a skulicap with control
and pulse nodules scattered around its perimeter. When it
is applied and activated, dozens of tiny electrodes pierce
the victim's skull and attempt to induce neural activity.

The neural stimulator is intended only for use on char-
acters who have died—in game terms, characters who are
out of mortal points. Applying the device successfully
requires @ Medical Science-treatment skill check; on a
Good result, the doctor applies a -1 step bonus to the vic-
tim's ensuing Will feat check, and an Amazing result
applies a -3 step bonus.

Once the device has been applied, the victim makes a
Will feat check to return to life, regaining his last mortal
point if any grade of success is achieved. A cumulative
+1 step penalty applies for every 10 minutes that the vic-
tim has been dead; under the right circumstances (cold
water drowning, freezing, etc) this penalty drops to +1
per hour. Naturally, the victim is still in a bad way, and
probably requires immediate and extensive medical treat-
ment to survive. If the neural stimulator is used on a liv-
ing character, the victim suffers dBs. ltem 240900990,
%5,000, 0.5 kg, Restricted

53/ddN5 NG B39 THII0IN

PHARMACEUTICALS

The Gravity Age doctor has hundreds of wonderful tools
at his disposal-weapons against disease, injury, and
other health problems that earlier physicians only
dreamed of. Our pharmaceutical supplies are carefully
screened through the most stringent examinations to
ensure your safety and health.

All the drugs described below are human-specific.
Similar drugs designed to work on (or against) fraal,
mechalus, sesheyan, 'sa, or weren patients can be had
for three to five times the listed cost. Each pharmaceuti-
cal is available in at least one of three forms—injection,
spray, or capsule. Forcing an unwilling person to take one
of these medicines usually requires an assistant to over-
power or restrain the would-be patient. If the victim is
free to resist, the medic must make a successful Unarmed

