and open the WaterCaddy to deploy its condenser net,
then turn on its cooling unit. You'll condense 1 liter of
water every 10 minutes in humid conditions, 30 minutes
in average conditions, 60 minutes in dry weather, and
120 minutes in super-arid weather. The WaterCaddy's
power cells provide enough energy for up to 2 months of
purifier mode operation, or 2 weeks of condenser opera-
tion.

PLANETWIDE
CLMATE WEAR

Why is it that some of the most interesting and economi-
cally attractive worlds have some of the most intolerable
climates? At last count, roughly one in four people live or
work in nonterrestrial environments, and that minarity is
increasing every day. Clearly, you'd better be ready to
handle the worst planetside and open-space conditions if
you want to stay ahead of the competition.

Our award-winning PlanetWide collection features the
best extreme-environment gear you can find anywhere.
When it's your life on the line, why setile for second best?

SUNRUNNER 60 CLIMATE SuIT

Availahility: Common

Cost: #825

Mass: 1 kg

Action Penalty: 0

Environmental Tolerance:
Gravity: n/a
Radiation: RO-H3
Atmosphere: A1-A4 (with mask)
Pressure: P1-P3 (with mask)
Heat: H1-H3

LI/HI/En: d4-2/d6-3/d6-4

Stock No.: 430WCE880

Lighter and more comfortable than an e-suit, the
Sunrunner is designed to keep you safe and cool in non-
vacuum extraterrestrial environments. Its sophisticated
heating/cooling elements keep you comfortable in arctic
to torrid environments. With the matching respirator
mask, the Sunrunner allows long-endurance work and
travel in environments with toxic, thin, dense, or mildly
corrosive atmospheres.

While many standard jumpsuits or e-suits meet the
same environmental criteria, the climate suit's real
strength is its long endurance. If's meant to be worn for
days at a time, and features drinking, feeding, and elimi-
nation systems to allow a suited worker to stay on the job
for as long as it takes. Provided the wearer has access to
water, food, and a respirator, he can remain suited for up
to 30 days before the climate suit's lanth cells require
recharging.

ORBITER C1
SofFT ENVIRONMENT SUIT

Availability: Common
Cost: $1,500
Mass: 2.5 kg
Action Penalty: +1
Environmental Tolerance:
Gravity: GO-G3
Badiation: RO-R3
Atmosphere: A0-A4
Pressure: P0-P3
Heat: HO-H4
LI/HI/En: d6-3/d6-2/d4-2
Stock No.: 400WV7904

1f you live or work in space, sooner or later you'll need
an e-suit. Made from advanced polymere weaves, the
Orhiter C1 is an outstanding suit for open-space work. It's
light, tough, and durable, with a spacious helmet and
chestplate-style support unit that keeps all the vital read-
outs and controls in easy sight and reach, right where you

need them.
4 )

HH3M JLITI J0IMLINGTd

