health care, and meals for their unemployed populations,
it's a basic fact of human nature that people like to work.
The disenfranchised population, whether it's a small per-
centage of the urban sprawl or an entire world in eco-
nomic collapse, is much more likely to be hostile toward
the rest of the society. Crime, violence, and anarchy still
plague the warlds of the Stellar Ring.

Each stellar nation has a different response to this
issue. Some, such as the Thuldan Empire, deport people
who can't find positions. Others, such as the Solar Union,
maintain vast social programs to support their unem-
ployed populations. The chance to find meaningful work
is perhaps the single greatest impetus to humanity’s
expansion throughout the Gravity Age.

Out in the frontier worlds, there are still continents to
tame and industries to build, and almost anyone can find
wark. Most young colonies haven't had the time to devel-
op leisure industries, so a far greater percentage of the
population is involved in serious industrial or agricultur-
al work.

ENTERTAINMENT AND
COMMUNICATION

One of the best weapons the establishment has to battle
the unrest of mass unemployment is the astounding vari-
ety and prevalence of entertainment. In the worlds of Old
Space, people who can’t or won't find work can lose
themselves in a society that stretches across a star sys-
tem. Culture and learning flourish under the care of mil-
lions of well-educated (but jobless) dilettantes. In some
places, people devote themselves to academic pursuits,
creating fulfilling careers as amateur scientists or artists
despite the lack of employment opportunities. In other
places, the restless masses scream for ever maore violent
and spectacular entertainment, drowning themselves in
the glamorous world of holovision and illicit recreation.

Literally everyone has a personal computer of some
kind, even if its only a small data slate for viewing 30
crystals. Print is finally dead—newspapers, magazines,
even novels and comic books are 30 crystals, designed
for viewing through any data slate, desktop, notebook, or
microcomputer. Stamped and scribed much like a mod-
ern compact disk is created, read-only 30s cost 2 to $10
for a good novel, movie, or professional journal. Almost
every home, no matter how humble, has a videoviewer
or holoset with access to thousands of channels of pro-

gramming.

THE 26 TH-CENTURY CONSUMER

Cheap interstellar transport hasn't changed the basic laws
of supply and demand. Buying a commodity where the
supply is high, and then selling it where the demand is
great, is always going to be profitable. The only question

is how much it costs the merchant to move the goods
from the source to the customer.

Consumer indebtedness is nearly universal in the
worlds of Old Space. The trends started by the prolifera-
tion of credit cards and consumer loans in the 20th cen-
tury have become established as the normal economic
condition of a healthy postindustrial society. While credit
cards damage the society’s ability to invest and save, they
provide people with the opportunity to purchase goods
and services they normally couldn't afford. The manufac-
turers or providers of these goods experience a higher
demand than they would otherwise, which means that
more people can work.

Most of the stellar nations have developed legal guide-
lines for consumer debt. The typical citizen can't run all
his credit cards to the limit and then declare bankruptcy—
by law, he's not allowed to exceed a certain level of
indebtedness. Investments or savings for retirement and
education are mandatory in some nations, or publicly
provided in others, although a few adopt a policy of eco-
nomic Darwinism.

THE RIGHT To BEAR ARMS
In the Stellar Bing, criminals and others who skirt the
edge of the law are the only people who own personal
weapons. Most people don't own weapons, and wouldn't
know how to use them if they did. Obviously, military and
police agencies are an exception to this general rule.

Out in frontier regions such as the Verge, weapons are
much more prevalent. With so many corporations, gov-
ernments, and independent stations scattered through
space, and no common authority to bind them together,
viclent crime is a part of life. In the settled worlds of Dld
Space, maybe one person in a hundred carries a
weapon; in more backward areas the number is at least
five to ten times greater. But only the most lawless of soci-
eties make no effort at all to control the proliferation of
personal weapons. Heroes who carry sidearms or blades
must relinquish them upon entering civilized areas.

ARMs AND EQUIPMENT
IN YouR CAMPAIGN

‘The rest of this book offers a brief look at four listings or
resources of weapons, armor, and other equipment com-
menly available in the Verge. A Gamemaster doesn't have
to make every item instantly available to all the heroes—
every item is subject to constraints of availability, delivery
time, and cost. But, in most major cities of the Verge, it
should be possible to at least order almost anything in the
catalogs mentioned in this book.

NOILINDOHLNI

