gridwork for a launch pad, a radio transceiver and uplink
for communications with the satellites, a desktop comput-
er to manage things, and a robot orhiter—a small space-
capable booster capable of lifting a satellite weighing 100
kg into orbit. The orbiter itself is a collapsible saucer-
shaped vehicle powered by induction motors and an
onboard fusion generator. At 250 kg, it's the biggest piece
of the facility, and it breaks down into twelve smaller
pieces for easier transport. The other components weigh
an additional 150 kg, and the whole thing can be trans-
ported in a good-sized jeep, skycar, or by six men on foot.
Setting up the facility for launch is a complex skill check
using System Operation or Technical Science, requiring
three successes (one check per five minutes).

Satellites aren't included with the facility. Some of the
models available include:

Commsat: The commsat provides orbital communica-
tions to any point in the hemisphere over which it's pass-
ing. Three commsats can create continuous coverage
over a whole planet. Each sat weighs 50 kg and costs
85,000.

Defsat: The defsat can engage space vessels in orbit.
Its a flying mine armed with any missile warhead,
destroying itself in the attack. It weighs 100 kg and costs
$10,000 (specialized warheads may be much more
EXpensive).

Spysat: The spysat offers continuous surveillance of
the planet below with its powerful cameras. It can detect
human-sized figures in a path 10 kilometers wide. It
takes thirty spysats to set up a pattern that can sweep
every point on the planet’s surface once per day. Each
weighs 100 kg and costs #15,000.

Weathersat: The weathersat monitors atmospheric
conditions and provides invaluable data for forecasting
local and planetary weather. Six can create a network that
provides a meteorologist with significant new data at B-
hour intervals. Each weighs S0 kg and costs ¥5,000.

Item 330100100, $12,000 base cost, 400 kg base
mass, Controlled

BERTEK LASER TORCH

Nothing beats the cutting power of a high-intensity laser
beam. Steel runs like water when you put this little beau-
ty to work!

By means of a special focusing ring, the torch-user can
vary the cutting length of the beam with a simple dial
Beyond the set focus distance, the laser beam rapidly dis-
perses into harmless light. The torch’s lanth cells and las-
ing mechanism are worn in a backpack, connected by
fiber-optic line to a pistol-grip.

The laser torch can handle cuts up to 30 cm deep in
materials of Ordinary, Good, or Amazing toughness. A cut
1 meter in length takes about 1 round per centimeter of
depth, so cuttinga 1 m X 1 m hole in a wall 5 cm thick

takes 20 rounds. The torch’s batteries have an endurance
of 30 minutes (150 rounds) of heavy cutting. If the torch
is employed as a weapon, the wielder must take a +3
step penalty on his or her attack skill check. If the torch
hits, it inflicts damage equal to a chainsword (d8+1w/
dB+2w/d4+1m, but this damage is type En/A). Item
300397544, $750, 10 kg, Common

BerRTeExk Pump, PORTABLE

Got water in one place when you need it someplace else?
A portable pump sure beats a bucket brigade!

Using the same kind of combustion engine that drives
a portable generatar, the pump has a capacity of 2,000
liters per minute with a level transfer. Pumping against
Earth-normal gravity reduces the capacity by 100 liters
per minute per meter of lift. The portable pump can run
for an hour on a liter of Oxymite™ fuel; a full 10-liter tank
is included with the pump. Additional fuel costs #10 and
2 kg per liter, Item 340658577, 250, 30 kg

RPV Kit

When you need a bird's-eye view but you can't get a
manned aircraft into the sky, a remote-piloted vehicle
(BPV) may be just the compromise you're looking for.
Don't wonder about what's over the next hill-send your
drone to take a look!

This useful kit consists of three major components: two
RPVs and a control consale. Each RPV is a small aircraft
powered by an induction engine, armed with vidcam and
sensor pickups that continuously transmit back to the dis-
play unit. The RPVs are about 1 meter long with a mass
of 15 kg each, and the control unit is about the size of a
desktop computer and masses 8 kg—the RPV kit is easi-
ly transportable by one person.

1N3WdIN03 ‘THNOISS340kd

