~a
(5]

CERAMETAL ARMOR

Hide: —
Effective Strength: n/a
Skill: Armor Operation-combat armor

The Dauntless 29 is the last version of nonpowered poly-
mere plate in production; most other manufacturers have
switched to the cheaper and more robust cerametal
armors. As the last refinement of this armor type, it's an
outstanding design, lighter and tougher than any of its
predecessors, Its helmet includes a respirator mask that
can stand up to nonterrestrial environments and a built-
in comm gear system, and two trauma packs (model I)
are carried in thigh pockets. The Dauntless is available in
a number of camouflage schemes (see battle dress uni-
form, page 13, for details).

TiGER MoD 6 POWERED ARMOR

Raupp Arms, Thulda Prime
Availahility: Military
Cost: #3,000
Mass: 25 kg
Composition: Polymere plate
Environmental Tolerance:
Gravity: G2-G3
BRadiation: n/a
Atmosphere: A2-A3
Pressure: P1-P3
Heat: H1-H3
Action Penalty: +2
Toughness: Good
LI/HI/En: d6+1/d6+2/d6
Hide: —
Effective Strength: 15
Skill: Armor Operation-powered armor

Forty years ago, the last Tiger suit rolled off the assembly
line. Once standard equipment of the Thuldan Heavy
Infantry, millions of units have been salvaged, modified,
and refitted throughout the galaxy. The armor's integrated
optics reduce penalties for long-range fire and poor light-
ing by 1 step each; its comm suite includes standard
comm gear and a signal laser; and two trauma packs
(model ) are carried on board. To help the wearer man-
age its systems, the Tiger contains a microcomputer of
Marginal quality (see page 40); the armor operation utili-
ty program requires 1 slot of the computer’s active mem-
ory.

TN

CERAMETAL ARMOR

The best nonpowered armar available, cerametal consists
of flexible, overlapping bands of ceramometallic (or cer-
ametal, for short) plate. This advanced composite is
lighter than the earlier polymeres, but offers significantly
better protection against energy weapons—the ceramics
used in this composite material can withstand incredible
temperatures and dissipate heat very well. Cerametal
provides the best protection short of a powered suit, and
many military forces prefer cerametal since it doesn't
require the technical support of a powered armar.

ACN 4 CERAMETAL ARMOR

Austrin-Ontis Armor Division
Availability: Military
Cost: #2,000
Mass: 10 kg <
Composition: Cerametal bands |
Environmental Tolerance:
Gravity: n/a
Radiation: n/a
Atmosphere: A2-A3
Pressure: P1-P3
Heat: H1-H3
Action Penalty: +2
Toughness: Ordinary
LI/HI/En: d6+1/d8+1/d6
Hide: —
Effective Strength: n/a
Skill: Armor Operation—combat armor

The ACN-4 (Armor, Cerametal, Nonpowered) has been
adopted as the standard armor for the Concord Marines’
famous Recon/Marauder teams. These soldiers are
expected to face heavy planetside action with little supply
and support for months at a time; therefore, the ACN-4
is designed as a low-maintenance, low-mass nonpow-
ered armor. The ACN-4 can be packed into a compact
bundle for carrying with the rest of a soldier’s field kit,
making it easy to take on long overland marches. It takes
about 5 minutes to unpack and don the armor from its
compact stowage.

BusHMASTER CERAMETAL MalL

MRA Technologies, Inc.

Availahility: Controlled

Cost: #2,650

Mass: 7 kg

Composition: Cerametal links

Environmental Tolerance:
Gravity: n/a
Hadiation: n/a
Atmosphere: n/a
