EDGETECH OUTFITTER'S CATALOG

Unlike the other catalogs and sources listed in this book,
the EdgeTech Outfitter’s Catalog is a publication native to
the Verge. Specializing in exploration, excursion, and cal-
onization equipment and supplies, EdgeTech is a small
but profitable company with an excellent reputation for
high-quality goods, realistically designed with local candi-
tions in mind.

There's a lot of interesting (some might even say sor-
did) history behind EdgeTech. The company is a minar
holding of the powerful Calefir family of Alaundril. Like
many of Alaundril's merchant-nobles, the Calefirs were
among the first settlers of the Tendril system, and there-
fore some of the first human settlers in the entire Verge.
These first colonists were followed by wave after wave of
immigrants as news of the exploration of the Verge trick-
led back to Old Space, precipitating an old-fashioned land
rush.

The Calefirs of the day opened business after business
catering to the river of colonists and prospectors stream-
ing into the Verge. Bars, boarding houses, red-light estah-
lishments, and outfitting companies boomed as business,

CaAmMPAIGN TIPS

The Calefir mercantile empire is representative of the
Verge's political situation today; its a powerful local
force endangered by the return of colossi such as
VoidCorp, the Rigunmors, StarMech, and other inter-
stellar megacarps. For almost one hundred years, the
Calefirs have had everything their own way-now
they're facing the specter of competition, assimilation,
or outright destruction. They've gone from being a big
fish in a little pond to being a little fish in a very big
pond, and they don't like it at all

Already the interstellar megacorps are beginning to
sink their roots into Alaundril's proud oligarchy. The
 Baoli family, one of the old rivals of the Calefirs, have
entered into a partnership with the Rigunmor Star
peers are considering similar deals. As the family
resists the pressure to accommodate the Arrivers,
there's going to be a lot of money on the line—and
mare direct forms of pressure may be applied to force
the Calefirs to toe the line.

In the meantime, EdgeTech is the place to go for
‘heroes who want to equip themselves for an expedi-
tion to an unknown system or planetary survey work.
The Calefirs would like nothing better than to see their
logos associated with prominent and commercially
successful expeditions.

THE EDGETECH
OVUTFITTER’S CATALOG

hoth legal and illicit, became the primary occupation of
the original colonists of Alaundril

Over several decades of boom-and-bust cycles, the
Calefirs gradually lost their holdings in service industries
while establishing a firm presence in the outfitting and
provisioning business. When the Second Galactic War
closed the Verge to Old Space immigrants, Alaundril suf-
fered through a thirty-year depression of planetwide pro-
portions . . . but the Calefirs managed to ride out the
storm, and with the prospect of millions of new immi-
grants pouring into the Verge in the near future, they're
doing everything they can to stake their claim to the com-
ing bonanza.

EdgeTech’s manufacturers are other companies in the
Calefir family. lts vehicles are produced by Solar X Motors,
a major skycar manufacturer—the jewel in the Calefir
crown. The spacecraft described here are built in the
orbital Solar X Shipyard, a marginal enterprise that the
Calefirs operate simply because it allows them to maintain
their own private space navy. EdgeTech itself manufac-
tures a variety of basic camping and excursion equipment,
and a small company called XTreme ActiveWear makes
some of the more specialized gear in the EdgeTech cata-
log.

All in all, the EdgeTech and Solar X mercantile empire
has carried the Calefirs to the forefront of Alaundril’s oli-
garchy. Few other families possess their prestige, their
wealth, or their paower.

The EdgeTech Outfitter's Catalog is published as a sin-
gle 3D crystal and distributed throughout the Verge on a
quarterly basis. It's available in almost every sizable com-
munity or outpost.

ORDERING INFORMATION

The EdgeTech Retail Warehouse, in the city of Babel on
Alaundril, is the best place to go to purchase the compa-
ny's goods. Not only is every item in the catalog on dis-
play and available for testing or modeling, the prices on
location are about 80% of the prices listed in the catalog.

1f Alaundril is out of the way, customers can place an
order by filling out a simple message blank order form
included with the catalog disk and transmitting it as a
datastream file. Interstellar orders require 2 to 4 weeks
for delivery, with a surcharge of 10% for shipping and
handling.

