SPECIALTY FABRICS

Your new clothes might be made of wool, cotton, silk, linen, or any of a dozen different fabrics . . . or they may not
be. Any item of normal clothing can be woven from our specialty fabrics for a nominal surcharge. Simply mark your
order form with the appropriate code. Regardless of the actual cost of the modified item, the minimum expense for
a garment crafted of specialty fabric is $200.

Antiscan Weave: Imprinted with microcircuits that interfere with most electromagnetic emissions, antiscan weave
provides a +3 step penalty to the use of weapon detectors, infrared or radar, or X-rays against the wearer. This
drops to a +2 step penalty if the wearer isn't covered from ankle to collar by the garment. Code AS, 3X normal cost

Carbonate Fiber: Made from nanoengineered carbon molecules, CF is the toughest fabric known to man. A gar-
‘ment that provides roughly 50% coverage is equivalent to a CF short coat for protection value, while 75% or greater
coverage is equal to a CF long coat. (See page XX for armor description.) Code CF, 4X normal cost, adds 2 kg

Climate Weave: There's no need to ever spend another hour shivering in a frigid board room or sweating it out
in tropical heat. Climate weave uses efficient heat-exchange technology to keep you comfortable in temperatures
ranging from ~40° C ta 60° C (~40° F to 140° F), negating any penalties for such conditions. And, while you would-
't be comfortable anymore, you'll find that you can endure temperatures as low as ~70° C or as high as 80° C (at
a +2 step penalty, however). Code CW, 2X normal cost

Repellent Weave: Continually charged by your normal motions of walking and moving around, the microcircuit-
ry in repellent weave creates a weak electrostatic field that prevents fluids or powders from adhering to your clothes.
You can't stain this stuff! Not only does it stay clean forever, it even keeps you dry in torrential rain or driving snow.
Code AW, 2x normal cost

Vacuum Sealed: Do you work someplace where the threat of decompression is real? You'll want your garments
tailored with a vac seal. It breathes just like any well-made fabric, but when the air pressure drops, thousands of
‘microscopic vents shut automatically. The cuffs and hems seal with internal membranes, and any standard vacuum
mask mates to the callar. WARNING: Do not remain in vacuum any longer than absohutely necessary. Vacuum-sealed
garments can protect you against depressurization, but extremes of temperature or radiation aren't covered by the
manufacturer’s warranty. Code VS, 2X normal cost, adds 1 kg

Stealth Weave: You've heard about it for years, but now it’s finally available! Using smart image-inducer technol-
ogy, stealth weave changes its appearance to match the surrounding terrain perfectly. When activated, the wearer
gains a -2 step bonus to any Stealth skill checks, and a +1 increase to his resistance modifier against ranged attacks.
The charge cell included with this garment is concealed in an interior pocket. It's good for 6 hours of continuous use.
Code SW, 4 X normal cost; adds 2 kg mass due to charge cell

kimonos, and western rustic garb. Knowing the exact
right thing to wear is a function of the Culture-etiquette
skill; a hero who spends at least #6800 on his business
dress gains a —1 step bonus to encounter skill checks
while dressed in his suit, provided it's appropriate to the
circumstances.

Any piece of business dress can be made from a num-
ber of specialty fabrics, described in the accompanying
note.

A Coat, mandarin. A high-collared, close-fitting coat
that hangs to mid-thigh, often belted with a colorful sash.
Most are embroidered with beautiful floral or oriental pat-
terns. A matching cap is a fashion must. Item
100546873a, $250

B. Coat, suit. Never out of fashion, this light jacket is
available in a variety of cuts and colors. Secret pockets
can be included for an extra ¥50. Ilem 100298704b,
8225

C. Haynes Co. Western Coat. The West is back with
this stylish suede coat! The collar and cuffs are lined with

real sheepskin. Don't forget a matching hat and boots!
Item 100877212c, ¥350

D. Kimono, business. Available in hundreds of differ-
ent prints and materials, the business kimono is an ele-
gant and comfortable robe, accompanied by a silk coat in
cold weather. You'll want to find matching undergarments.
Item 100373004d, $400

E. Shirt/blouse, dress. Worn with a suit or western
coat, a dress shirt comes in a variety of styles and colors.
Item 100144786e, $25

F Skirt/dress. Depending on the tastes of the local
society, skirts may be cut to the ankle, mid-calf, knee,
mid-thigh, or even higher. Stockings are a good idea in
cold weather. ltem 1006423091, $50

G. Rauss Co. Trousers. Dress pants in both business
and oriental styles are included in this listing. In western
styles, well-made jeans are available. Item 100336048g,
850

’

INIRLO'TI ONY 53140553300

