(=]
o=
)
=)
()
—]
=
)
—
o=
—3
—
]
]
(]
=

BERTEK CIRcuiT FINDER
Why waste time tracing out wiring diagrams? The circuit
finder lets you get right to the place where you want to
waork.

The circuit finder is a sensitive but short-ranged EM
detector that can detect electrical current in lines or con-
duits hidden by walls. It's very useful for finding shorts,
alarm circuits, and faulty switches, as well as determin-
ing if a spot is safe to cut through. The device is about 8
cm X 3 cm X 1 cm and can detect and localize current
within 2 meters. lterm 440677089, $100, 1 kg

MR. FoaAMY™ FIRE EXTINGUISHER
Safety first! Our high-tech, nontoxic, firefighting concen-
trate smothers Class A, B, and C conflagrations in no time
at all, and better yet, causes no collateral damage to del-
icate wiring or electronics!

The modern fire extinguisher projects a spray of chem-
ical powder that inhibits combustion, covering an area of
up to 30 square meters. This is enough to extinguish a
roaring fire in a vehicle, a medium-sized shipboard com-
partment, or a small house or shop. Hypothermic reac-
tions in the spray also cool the affected area, eliminating
the chance of reflash. Item 440299731, $25, 5 kg

RonNYo HOLOVIEWER

Your key to the entertainment emporium of the 26th cen-
tury, the holoviewer's cable feed and programmable
channel selector let you choose from up to 5,400 broad-
casting stations . . . or just play a 3D crystal if you can't
find anything to watch!

The holoviewer has three modes of operation: 3D play-
er, broadcast reception, or cable feed. The holographic
images produced by this device are astonishingly lifelike,
and many people personalize their homes with statues or
scenes of living light.

The newest craze is interactive holoprogramming; with
the right entertainment software and a slaved
holorecorder, a computer can use a holoviewer to present
games or stories in which the audience actually plays a
part. Wealthy eccentrics have been known to fill their
homes with holographic tableaus of a exotic, erofic,
humorous, or shocking nature.

The holoviewer itself is a disk about 0.5 meter in diam-
eter and 5 cm thick. The most common models have a 3-
meter projection radius, but larger holoviewers are avail-
able at higher prices. Item 420459662, ¥500, 3 kg

TyKo MINIWINCH
Some jobs demand heavy lift capacity in a small space. If
you're facing one of those jobs, the TyCo miniwinch is the
tool for you!

B
I R T e Ml TR

The miniwinch consists of a powerful electric motor, a
drum with 100 meters of high-test wire, a telescoping
arm and pulley, and a baseplate that can be bolted or
magnetized to almost any surface. When stowed, the
whole device can be carried inside a backpack. The mini-
winch can handle loads of up to 220 kg, which means
that two large men can be hauled up a 100-meter cliff by
this device. The telescoping arm gives the winch a ‘reach”
of 1.5 meters, and it can reel in or spool out 10 meters
of wire per phase. The miniwinch's lanthanide cells pro-
vide enough power for 1 hour of operation at maximum
capacity, or 4 hours with loads of 110 kg or less. ltem
440190675, $200, 7 kg

Bonp-o-MaTtic™ MoLecuLE WELD
“Glue. Strong stuff”

Molecule weld is a clear, gooey material that can join
any two solid materials together. It's completely inert until
a small electrical shock is applied—and then it instantly
sets, forming molecular bonds with any material to which
it's applied. (A tube of molecule weld is sold with a small
battery-powered ‘sparker” for this purpose) Anything
short of neutronite plate is stronger at the molecule weld
than it was before! Molecule weld just doesn't break—if
two objects joined by weld are wrenched apart, ane or the
other of them will snap, shatter, or lose a divot around the
spot of the weld.

If a character is glued to something with molecule weld,
he can be cut free with any sharp instrument or pull him-
self free by making a Strength feat check (+1 step penal-
ty for each square centimeter of adhesive). However, suc-
cess inflicts d4-2w for each square centimeter of weld
with which the character was held. A tube of molecule
weld contains enough material to cover 20 square cen-
timeters. tem 460788427, %30, 0.2 kg

AEROCASTER™
Music GAUNTLET

Whether youe a professional musician or play for just
for your own enjoyment, you'll love the sound of our new
Aerocaster music gauntlet. Long recognized as the bench-
