MEDICAL GEAR AND SUPPLIES

Attack skill check in order to deliver the substance. The
spray is easy to deliver (no attack penalty) but provides
the victim with a —2 step bonus to any check he makes
to avoid the drug'’s effects, since the dose is dispersed.
The injection, on the other hand, is hard to administer (+-2
step penalty to the Unarmed Attack skill check), but deliv-
ers a concentrated dose, providing no bonus to the sub-
ject's Constitution or Wil feat check to resist.

Identifying the condition of the patient, measuring the
right dosage, and correctly applying any of the pharma-
ceuticals or supplies below requires a Medical Science—
treatment skill check. (A character without this specialty
skill must make an untrained skill check to get it right,) If
this fails, the pharmaceutical won't be effective when ap-
plied. If the administering character rolls a Critical Failure,
he might aggravate the subject’s condition in some way.

A. Analgesic. Painkillers offset the penalties from mor-
tal or excessive wound damage. (See the description of
the Stamina-resist pain skill in Chapter 4 of the AtTerNITY
Player’s Handbook) The patient must make a Will feat
check. On a Good or Amazing success, he ignores 3 steps
of pain-related penalties; on an Ordinary success, 2 steps;
and on a Marginal success, 1 step. The painkiller dose
lasts for 4 hours. A character can be heavily dosed, tak-
ing a second analgesic while the first one is still in effect,
but he automatically takes a +1 step penalty to all actions
due to numbness and disorientation. However, the addi-
tional dose may help enough to make it worthwhile. Item
250100344a, $10/dose, Controlled

B. Anesthetic. A dose of anesthetic knocks out any
willing character for a specified time of up to 12 hours.
The administering physician is allowed a Medical
Science—treatment check to see how well he times the
length of unconsciousness (on a Failure, the vicim
awakes d4 hours earlier or later than the target time).
Against an unwilling character, the administering physi-
cian must succeed on an Unarmed Attack skill check. The
victim must succeed on a Constitution feat check to resist
knockout: Failure: knockout; Ordinary: 2d4+2s; Good:
d6+1s; Amazing: dds. Item 250110677h, #50/dose,
Controlled

C. Antibiotic. This broad-spectrum agent fights bacter-
ial and viral infections of all kinds. A complete regimen
requires d4 days of continued dosage and provides the
recipient with a —4 step bonus to his Constitution feat
checks in order to fight off the disease. Item
250115119, #50/dose, Controlled

D. Antiradiation Serum. Few treatments are effective
against radiation sickness, but this serum is one of them.
Its electrolyte solution helps to stabilize damaged cells in
the bone marrow and gastrointestinal tract, the tissues
most vulnerable to radiation damage. Antiradiation serum
comes in 1 liter bags for intravenous administration.
When treated, the victim gains a -2 step bonus to his

.

Constitution feat checks against that episode of radiation
sickness. Item 2505052904, #100/dose, Controlled

E. Antivenom. Countering the effects of natural poi-
sons, antivenom provides the stricken character with a
—4 step honus to his Constitution feat check against the
poison if administered during the onset time, or a -2 step
bonus if administered while the poison is inflicting dam-
age on the victim. Specific antivenoms—for example,
against timber rattler bites, box jelly stings, stonefish
venom, and so forth.—are even maore effective, improving
the bonus to -6 and —4 respectively, but they're useless
against other types of natural poisons. The purchaser
must decide if he wants the increased effectiveness of the
specific agent, or the usefulness of the general antivenom.
Item 250307188e, #100/dose, Contralled

F Coagulant. Easily administered with a simple Knowl-
edge—first aid check, coagulant induces artificial clotting at
the point of injury, drastically slowing bleeding. A dose
gives the victim a -3 step bonus to any Stamnina-en-
durance checks he attempts in the next ten minutes. More
than two doses in the course of an hour are risky; the vicim
must succeed on a Constitution feat check or go into cardiac
arrest from the thickening of his blood. Iterm 2504804751,
$50/dose, Controlled

G. Immunization Booster. The best way to survive a
disease is to not get sick in the first place. An immuniza-
tion booster “tunes” the recipient’s immune system to the
common ailments of a particular setting or world, provid-
ing him with a —2 step bonus to any Constitution feat
checks he attempts to resist catching those diseases. The
booster's effects last for one year Item 250806991g,
#50, Controlled

H. Psi-enhancer. Using mental powers takes a great
toll on a mindwalker, but modern medical technology pro-
vides a solution to this problem. The psi-enhancer
restores 2d4 lost psionic energy points when ingested.
Unfortunately, the distracting side-effects of the serum
provide a +1 step penalty to a hero's psionic skill checks
for the next dB hours. Item 250996148h, %150/dose,
Controlled

I Psychoactive Booster. Deadening the mindwalker's
physical sensations and detaching his awareness from
the warld without, this booster provides a -2 step bonus
to the use of all psionic skills for the next 2d4 hours. The
recipient also gains d4 temporary psionic energy points,
which are expended before his own points when he uses
psionic talents.

The downside is simple: For the next 4d4 hours, the
victim suffers a +3 step penalty to all nonpsionic skill
checks, feat checks, and other activities. If the psychoac-
tive hooster is administered more than once in a single
24-hour period, the victim must attempt a Resolve—men-
tal resolve skill check. If he fails, he permanently loses 1
point of Intelligence, Will, or Personality (randomly deter-
