worn, the ptokh k'se improves the t'sa’s natural armor
value from d4+1 (LI), d4 (HI), d4-1 (En) to the values
given in the statistics. (This is an exception to the rule
about layering armor; see Chapter 11 of the ALTERNITY
Player’s Handbook.) While its mass is noticeable, the vest
is thin and flexible enough to be worn under almost any
other garment. Few t'sa like to wear heavy battle armor,
but the ptokh k'se is a good compromise between ease of
movement and protection.

BELLWEYN SiL
(FRAAL)

Innishaal Space Industries
Availability: Controlled
Cost: 86,500
Mass: 2 kg
Composition: Malecule weave
Environmental Tolerance:

Gravity: n/a

Hadiation: n/a

Atmosphere: n/a

Pressure: n/a

Heat: H1-H3
Action Penalty: 0
Toughness: Ordinary
LI/HI/En: d6/d6-1/d6-1
Hide: —
Effective Strength: n/a
Skll: —

The bellweyn sil (‘battle-coat” in the fraal tongue) is a
protective garment that embodies some of the elegance
and aesthetics of the species. It consists of a light arming

ADAPTING “HUMAN’’ ARMOR

In addition to the four types presented on these two
pages (and variations on these basic themes), aliens
are also capable of wearing some of the kinds of
armor described earlier in this section. In particular,
fraal and mechalus, because of the close similarity of
their body shapes to the human form, have relatively
Far example, a fraal who normally wears a bellweyn
sil but sometimes finds herself in situations where she
vides might also own a CF bodysuit (page 71).

‘The sesheyan, weren, and tsa are at somewhat of a
disadvantage when it comes to fitting into armor de-
signed primarily for humans. Some vests and jackets
can be altered to fit a nonhuman body, but bulkier and
stronger types of armor are not as easily modified.
(See “Aliens in Armor” in Chapter 11 of the AtTerNITY
Player’s Handbook for some general guidelines.)

suit of engineered molecular weave. Over this layers of
stiffened molecular weave are fashioned into soft, over-
lapping bands that vaguely resemble ancient human
armors. Richly adorned with embroidery and metallic fin-
ishes, the bellweyn sil is a spectacular garment suitable
for many diplomatic or formal affairs. Fraal leaders,
guards, and emissaries often wear this garment when
dealing with less developed species.

HAD’NILTAS
(MECHALUS)

Nari Cho' Manufacturing
Availahility: Restricted
Cost: ¥25,000
Mass: 12 kg
Composition: Nanofluidics
Environmental Tolerance:

Gravity: GO-G4

Radiation: RO-R4

Atmosphere: AD-A4

Pressure: PO-P4

Heat: HO-H4
Action Penalty: +1
Toughness: Ordinary
LI/HI/En: 2d4/d6+1/2d4+1
Hide: +1
Effective Strength: 15
Skill: Armor Operation—powered armor

An putstanding example of alien technology, the mechalus
had'niltas is a superior suit of powered armor. Unlike the
bulky plated suits developed by human armorers, the
had'niltas is light and flexible. It consists of a full-body
jumnpsuit or wrap of advanced fabric. Inside the suit’s fab-
ric is a layer of liquid metal containing millions of
nanocircuits. These instantly respond to any attack, hard-
ening the suit at the point of impact and dissipating heat
or energy. The had'niltas is nearly impervious to slashing
attacks or energy weapons, but high-velocity projectiles
can sometimes penetrate before the suit reacts.

ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY

The khe! burund and ptokh K'se represent fairly sim-
ple designs familiar to human armorers, but other
sess a materials technology that is still ahead of human
technology in many regards, despite centuries of close
partnership between the species.

Similarly, the mechalus demonstrate a superior
command of nanotechnology. The had'niltas is a gar-
ment that binds with mechalus biocircuitry, echoing the
‘wearer'’s motions at the speed of thought.

=
=
m
=
=)
=
—
[
=
o

