ACCESSORIES AND CLOTHING

THE RIGUNMOR STAR
CONSORTIUM MERCHANT
EXCHANGE

Considered the definitive resource of everything anybady
might ever want to buy, the Rigunmor Star Consortium
Merchant Exchange is located at New Manhattan on
Umbra V. The Exchange is a colossal facility, sprawling
aver 80 square kilometers of the city. The Exchange orig-
inally served as the registry and licensing center of all
Rigunmor merchants, but in two centuries it has grown
into & center of Rigunmor commerce.

A character with an Exchange membership (easily
obtainable, with yearly dues of #100) is free to enter the
Exchange at any time; all other visitors are limited to spe-
cific hours in the extensive public areas. Thousands of
Rigunmor manufacturers, investors, shipping agencies,
and speculative traders maintain offices in this complex,
open for business around the clock. Thousands of other
minor merchants who can't afford to keep an office open
instead retain the services of one of the many commerce
agents who work out of the Exchange.

On & quarterly basis, the Exchange publishes a com-
plete catalog of all goods available from its members. The
Exchange catalog takes no less than five X3D data crys-

CAMPAIGN TIPS

Why would the Merchant Exchange cut a
Bﬂs?'l’hgmhmplethw

smuﬂpuwmgafurh!ssmmms,sutheﬂmmﬂ
makes most of the money on the deal. As you might
expect, there's a great deal of competition among local
merchants for dis!ﬁhmrahipﬂghtqvﬂﬁ!ﬂmmw

tals, and millions of copies are distributed to major mer-
cantile centers throughout the Concord. While a great
number of private citizens order their own goods out of
the catalog, the average citizen isn't really the target audi-
ence-the Merchant Exchange expects that most of their
orders will come from local retailers and traders stocking
their shelves.

Each of the catalog’s X3D chips features a navigator
and utility program designed to help the user locate spe-
cific types of products, specific manufacturers, even exact-
ing requirements of minor details in the item he seeks.
‘This program can package and transmit orders by print-
ing order forms (not very common these days), by direct
online connection to an approved RSC order center (pre-
ferred for insystem orders), or by datastream messaging
delivered through any normal comm channels (the usual
method for interstellar orders).

IN THE VERGE

With the return of Rigunmor traders to the Verge, the
Exchange catalog has become available on Alaundril,
Grith, Bluefall, and Alitar, and will probably be available
elsewhere within the next few months. The Baoli Trading
House on Alaundril has won a prized order center con-
tract and provides an online order service. However,
heraes who arent in the Tendril system must either buy
locally or transmit an order via the Grid instead.

ORDERING INFORMATION

Interstellar orders take 3d4 weeks to process and ship,
with a shipping charge equal to 25% of the item’s value.
Fortunately, many local merchants in the Verge stock a
broad selection of catalog items. Buying locally allows a
consumer to pick up what he wants with no shipping
charge or delay.

ACCESSORIES AND
CLOTHING

No matter where you live or what you do, i's important
to dress for success! You've seen the psych-profiles and
the studies—first impressions count. Our catalog includes
stylish, practical, and comfortable entries from aver two
thousand manufacturers throughout the Stellar Bing.
Please remember to include a full set of measurements
and a body dimension scan for the perfect fit. Remember,
clothes make the sentient!
