MEDICAL GEAR AND SUPPLIES

using nonskid synthetic soles instead of the traditional
wooden soles. Item 198209553, %80, 2 kg

SAaAvaL
(1’sa)
* Wait wait wait don't turn the page! You must see try buy
our outstanding saaval-cloaks! Only a hatchling would
decline refuse overlook our merchandise! *

T'sa fashion includes a variety of clothing styles and
pieces almost as great as humanity’s. The saaval is one
of the more prevalent outfits, a set of loose robes that
allows great freedom of movement. It slightly resembles
the desert garb favored by some of Earth's Arabic cul-
tures. The robes are gathered close at the collar, elbow,
cuffs, and waist by embroidered laces. Saavals are often
colorfully decorated with the owner's personal tattoos and
markings. ltem 198338221, ¥50, 1 kg

SARABEL
(FRAAL)
“Honored star-friends, might we humbly offer for your
inspection these excellent tunics? Sewn in the traditional
style of thy people, they shall mark thee as one of the
Seekers in whatsoever endeavor thou dost find thyself
engaged. Wear thy her-
itage with pride.”

The traditional fraal
costume is the sarabel,
a matched kilt and tunic
worn with sandals or
slippers and a light
cloak or cape. Men
wear knee-length kilts,
while the skirt of a
woman's sarabel may
brush the floor. Fraal
favor light, delicate fab-
rics and elegant styles;
the sarabel is an out-
standing example of
their  tastes.  Item
196228735, #150, 2
kg

SHAANSI
(T’sa)

* Look look look! Here we have show sell shaansi you
must buy own wear! Everyone must have own shaansi!
You will run swim leap as never before when you don
wear try out our footwear! «

T'sa usually go barefoot, given their tough hides and
talonlike feet, but in cold weather or rough going theyll
wear a variety of shoes or slippers. Shaansi are one of

-

the mare unusual models. Shaansi resemble sandals like
humans might make, but since t'sa walk on their toes,
there's room for a wide, thin blade or paddle beneath the
arch of the foot. When the tsa takes to water (not an
uncommon occurrence in the marshes of their home-
waorld), the shaansi act like a diver's flippers, adding 2 to
the t'sa’s swimming movement rate. However, they don't
hinder the tsa’s mobility on land. Item 198199543, $20,

05 kg

TILIENEN
(FRAAL)

“Honored traveler, thou must cherish the comfort and
style of the traditional footwear of thy people. Human
shoes are heavy and clumsy, suitable perhaps for work
in a mine or a factory, but these tilienen show the grace
and subtlety that is the fraal. Consider them, if thou will.”

Fraal who don't care for human styles still wear the
tilienen, traditional slipperlike shoes that reach the mid-
calf. The soft soles are perfect for tasks that require bal-
ance and grace. ltem 196387004, #80, 0.5 kg

MEebicaL GEAR
AND SUPPLIES

The Rigunmor Merchant Exchange is pleased to
announce new distribution agreements with IsoMed
Industries of Rixella II, Gefflech Pharmaceuticals of Bonair
11, and Medcare One of Delta Orionis. We're committed to
bringing you competitively priced medical materials with-
out sacrificing the top-notch quality that our customers
demand. NOTE: Local legislation may bar the sale or dis-
tribution of some medical supplies. Please check with
your government's medical or legal authorities before
placing an order. We cannot be responsible for confisca-
tion of delivered orders or resulting incarceration and
fines.

IsoMep ARTIFICIAL BLooD
Any combat medic can tell you that loss of blood is the
number-one killer on the battlefield. Our artificial blood is
suitable for transfusion into any Series [ (oxygen-breath-
ing) lifeform with a circulatory system.

Artificial blood comes as a ready-to-mix powder in a
folded plastic bag. The medic simply adds one liter of
common tap water to the bag and gives it a good shake
(the bag has a mass of 2 kg when full). Administering
artificial blood increases the amount of wound damage
healed through use of the Bnowledge—first aid or Medical
Science-treatment skills by 1 point. Artificial blood can
also be used to help stabilize a character who has sus-
tained mortal damage; one dose provides a -2 step
bonus to the victim's next Stamina-endurance check. to
determine if mortal damage is stahilized. Only one dose
