Designed for comfortable wear all day long, the Haramaki
series jackets come in two distinct styles—a heavy flight
jacket (the short model), and a long overcoat or duster
suitable for inclement weather (the long model). The long
jacket is more expensive, but provides a modest increase
in protective value since it covers a greater portion of the
user’s hody. Neither jacket appears to be personal armor;
they're noticeably heavier than street clothes of the same
cut, but on the outside they seem to be typical garments.

MiLano GX CF Bobysuit

New EuroTech Manufacturing
Availability: Controlled
Cost: 2,250
Mass: 3 kg
Composition: CF weave
Environmental Tolerance:
Gravity: n/a
Radiation: n/a
Atmosphere: n/a
Pressure: n/a
Heat: n/a
Action Penalty: 0
Toughness: Ordinary
LI/HI/En: d8-1/dB-1/d6
Hide: +2
Effective Strength: n/a
Skill: —

The CF bodysuit is a heavier version of the popular soft-
suit, with molded panels and a stylish appearance. Unlike
the softsuit, it's meant to be worn in place of the user's
clothes instead of under them; it looks like a tight-fitting
jumpsuit. Some bodysuits are molded or patterned as
exotic costumes or fighting outfits. The Milano is the top
of the line in this type of armor, a garment of outstanding
durahility, comfort, and protective value. It can be vacu-
um-sealed, although it does not include a vacuum mask.
While it's not intended for wear under clothes, it's light
enough to be worn under clothes if the user wishes.

PoLYMERE ATTACK ARMOR

Another advanced plastic, polymere is extruded as a very
tough carbon fiber and then pressed into stiff plates. It's
somewhat dated in today’s culture, but many second-rate
powers or organizations equip their forces with polymere
plate armor. It's available in both powered and nonpow-
ered versions; the powered version provides the wearer
with an effective Strength of 15 for purposes of lifting,
carrying, or breaking objects. This doesn't affect the
wearer's skill scores or movement rates, but it does fig-
ure into his hand-to-hand damage adjustment.

DAUNTLESS 29 ATTACK ARMOR
Dietterlich Industries
Availability: Controlled
Cost: 93,300
Mass: 12 kg
Composition: Polymere plate
Environmental Tolerance:
Gravity: n/a
Hadiation: n/a
Atmosphere: A2-A3
Pressure: P1-P3
Heat: H1-H3
Action Penalty: +2
Toughness: Ordinary
LI/HI/En: d4+2/d6+2/d6

Dauntless 28 Attack

