NEUTRONITE SPECIAL BATTLE ARMOR

mators provide an effective Strength of 16 to the user for
purposes of lifting, carrying, hand-to-hand damage
adjustment, and breaking things. (The wearer’s unmodi-
fied Strength is used for derived skill scores and resis-
tance modifiers) The Paladin’s onboard systems are
described in the accompanying box. In addition to the
standard body tank systems, the Paladin’s hydraulic moti-
vataors allow a movement of 20 meters per phase in bro-
ken terrain, or 40 meters per phase in open terrain, with-
out fatiguing the wearer.

NEUTRONITE SPECIAL
BATTLE ARMOR, POWERED
(Boby TANK)

Special battle armar is even tougher than the basic neu-
tronite body tanks. One popular model provides better
protection while at the same time being easier to manip-
ulate; another type is entirely devoted to keeping its
wearer safe from damage, at the expense of being
extremely unwieldy.

ABS-11 DrAGOON RECON
ARMOR

General Arms Manufacturing
Availahility: Restricted
Cost: $35,000
Mass: 50 kg
Composition: Neutronite alloy
Environmental Tolerance:
Gravity: G0-G4
Radiation: RO-H4
Atmosphere: AD-A4
Pressure: PO-P4
Heat: HO-H4
Action Penalty: +3
Toughness: Good
LI/HI/En: 2d4+2/2d4+2/2d4+1
Hide: —
Effective Strength: 15
Skill: Armor Operation—powered armor

Also known as a recon or scout body tank, the Dragoon
is a lighter and more mobile powered suit. It has all the
features described above, with one key addition—a grav-
ity induction drive, providing flight capability at a maxi-
mum speed of 180 kph (or meters per phase). Since this
is powered flight, the wearer suffers no fatigue damage
for flying. On the ground, the Dragoon can maove at 30
kph (or 30 meters per phase) in broken terrain, or 60
kph on open ground. Typically, one squad of troops in an
armor platoon is equipped with recon armor.

= il

BuiLT-IN FEATURES

All modern powered armors include the following sys-
tems and features:

Targeting optics reduce penalties for long-range
weapans fire by 1 step.

Image enhancement optics negate 1 step of penalties
derived from darkness.

The onboard computer is considered to be a com-
puter gauntlet of Ordinary quality (see page 42). It has
no 30 slots, but does include a datastream link with a
jack for direct connection and a comm link for data
transmission.

The comm suite is a standard set of hands-free
comm gear and a signal laser in the user’s helmet.
This signal device can also be used as a target desig-
nator for laser-guided ordnance.

A threat receiver detects radar and laser emissions
impinging on the user, providing a -2 step bonus to
Awareness checks to detect threats of this nature.

Trauma packs are installed to monitor the wearer'’s
condition and preserve his life in case of injury; two
type Il trauma packs are included.

A smart display provides a topographical mapping
system of the surrounding area, providing a -1 step
bonus to Tactics checks,

The heavy weapon hardpoint allows the attachment
of a heavy weapon system, usually a bantam rocket
launcher with a magazine of four rockets. Other
options include a 13mm heavy charge machine gun, a
‘heavy flamer, or a 25mm sabot cannon.

AAS-23 TitAN AssAuLT ARMOR

General Arms Manufacturing
Availability: Restricted
Cost: #50,000
Mass: B0 kg
Composition: Neutronite alloy
Environmental Tolerance:
Gravity: GO-G4
Radiation: RO-B4
Atmosphere: AO-AS
Pressure: PO-P5
Heat: HO-H4
Action Penalty: +5
Toughness: Good
LI/HI/En: 3d4/3d4/2d4+2
Hide: —
Effective Strength: 17
Skill: Armar Operation-powered armor

Fully space-to-ground capable, the Titan is also known as
zero-g armor. It can be fited with an ablative reentry
