ACCESSORIES AND CLOTHING

Uniforms (L-R): Batile dress, Service dress, Formal dress

THE ALIEN COLLECTION

While many of our extrasolar friends have chosen to
adopt human fashions and modes of dress, we've had
numerous requests for the more traditional attire of other
species. In our Alien Collection, we've gathered a sam-
pling of nonhuman clothing and accessories together for
the convenience of consumers with nonhuman tastes.

ASHIELEN
(FRAAL)
“Honored star-brethren, thy appearance shall be pleas-
antly enhanced should thou choose to purchase one of the
traditional shawls of thy people. It is suitable garb for the
Honared Ceremony of Contemplation, and presents a cir-
cumspect appearance when one is dealing with our star-
kin, the humans.”

The ashielen (aysh-ee-EH-len) is a large shoulder-
drape or shawl worn for formal occasions. It is clasped in
the front with a decorative brooch, and features compli-
cated markings describing the wearer's lineage and sta-
tion. ltem 196233944, $100, 0.7 kg

AYAISHE

(SESHEYAN)
: In the Time of Three Darknesses Vohshey the Hunter
saw that in chasing the curuy-bird it was necessary to
enter the dense foliage of the dendrei-thicket : Here
Vohshey's grasping talons were cut and cut again by the

dendrei-thorns : Vohshey returned to his aerie and be-
came Mirraved the Thinker : Mirraved bethought himself
of the ayaishe to cover his talons and his lower-talons :
Now Beruvey the Barterer brings one ayaishe like those
made by Mirraved and then worn by Vohshey : They will
guard your talons from cuts :

These leather wrappings cover the forearms and lower
legs of a sesheyan, creating a matching set of serviceable
“gloves’ and “boots” The sesheyan’s talons are free to
grasp and manipulate, but his skin is protected by the
tough leather. The full ayaishe (ah-YAY-sheh) includes a
light wrap over the leading edge of the wings and a cowl
to guard the sesheyan’s face. The entire ensemble pro-
vides protection equal to a leather coat: d6-3 (LI), d4-3
(HI), d4-2 (En). ltem 197217434, $200, 1.5 kg

BEISHEN
(SESHEYAN)
: Beruvey the Barterer brings now the beishen-coat to
warm you when Ishaimai the North Wind is upon the
land: Made by Poltoitec the Crafter in the Time of Great
Cold the beishen was worn by Weyshe the Wanderer
when first he crossed the world : It will serve you well in
your travels among Cureyfi the Father of Stars :

The beishen (BEY-shen) is a loose-fitting, supple coat of
fine leather with long vents through which the sesheyan's
wings and tail can extend for flight. The vents can be fas-
tened shut when the sesheyan prefers warmth over the
ahility to fly while wearing the coat. A detachable liner of

) g
