)
=)

—
=
]
=
=
=]
-
[arer)
=3
=
=
—])
()
(e
]
e
=]
==
=™

Since the RPVs are powered by induction motors,
they're silent and quick, capable of hovering or maneu-
vering in very restricted spaces. They can travel at a
maximum speed of 300 kph, and their transmitters can
relay data from as far as 50 km distant in good condi-
tions. The standard sensors are a video system with a
120-degree field of view and up to 10X magnification on
command, and a thermal imager that can detect heat
emissions and signatures within 1,000 meters of the RPV.
The RPV's lanth cells allow flights of up to 2 hours in
duration.

Some black-market entrepreneurs have fited RPVs
with weapaon systems; the probe can carry payloads of up
to 5 kg. Controlling the RPV involves use of the System
Operation-sensors skill. tem 330105476, $4,000, 40
kg, Controlled

TRAILTECH REscUE PAck

Not sure what it is you'll need for the job at hand? Our
rescue pack contains an indispensable assortment of spe-
clalized equipment for rough-terrain SAR (search and
rescue) operations. Don't be caught unprepared!

The rescue pack’s contents include 2 100-meter CF
ropes; a toolkit; a trauma pack I; two doses of artificial
blood; a collapsible, nonpowered stretcher; two insulating
blankets; a light exothermal torch (equal in power to the
cutting torch described in the ALTERNITY Player’s
Handbook); a self-propelled grapnel launcher; twelve
pitons; two lightweight pulleys; and a marker beacon.
Iterm 350892790, #600, 15 kg

TooLkiT

In today’s fast-moving industrial world, the only thing you
can count on year-in and year-out is a good set of tools.
Our power tools come with a 10-year warranty; every-
thing else has a 20-year warranty! NOTE: Exposure to
nonterrestrial environments may void warranty.

But IT’s Not HERE!

In the S1AR'DRIVE setting, interstellar merchants and
corporations can literally put their hands on anything.
If a hero just has to have an item that isn't in the
Atrernity Player’s Handbook listing or this book—a
tuning fork, a teddy bear, a regulation basketball, what-
ever—simply assign a price based on the real-world
price of the item. If the heroes are currently adventur-
ing in a cosmopolitan area with constant trade to other
star systems, it's quite likely that they could find any-
thing they might need, given time. On the other hand,
if the heroes are stuck in an isolated backwater, it
might take months for a local merchant to order in
weird or unusual items. Use your best judgment, and
make it up!

L

The general toolkit consists of a hammer, pliers, an
adjustable wrench, vise grips, screwdrivers, a variety of
nails, bolts, nuts, and screws, and a power drill with sev-
eral different heads (rotary saw, sander, etc.). It weighs 10
kg and provides a —1 step honus to appropriate skill
checks.

Specialized toolkits include more expensive tools espe-
cially useful in particular fields—voltmeters and insulated
tools for electrical work, wrench sets, magnetic clamps,
and welding gear for hull work, and so forth. These kits
offer no bonus for general repair work, but in the kit's
designated field the specialized tools provide a -2 step
bonus. Available specialized kits include:

® Electronics kit (computer, communications, and sen-
50rS Tepair).

® Hull kit (spacecraft mechanical systems, and hull
integrity repair).

® Armorer’s kit (gun and armor repair).

® Engineer’s kit (engine, generator, power distribution,
and life suppaort repair).

® Mechanic’s kit (vehicular engine, frame, and
mechanical system repair).

General kit: ltem 380288432, $100, 10 kg

Specialized kit: Itern 381200553, %300, 10 kg

GENERAL INDUSTRIES WALKER

Strength-enhancing exoskeletons make every person in
your workforce a veritable titan, capable of handling
loads that would crush a nonsuited human. The military’s
been using powered armor for years; try out the same
technology in your workplace!

The Gravity Age walker replaces the bulky and unreli-
able hydraulics of earlier versions with magnetic pistons
and servos, allowing more power with a lighter and more
flexible frame. The wearer's effective Strength is
increased to 20 for purposes of lifting or grasping objects.
The walker's onboard biofeedback sensors are so highly
developed that no particular skill is needed to successful-
ly operate the device.

While operating a walker, the person inside gains a 5-
point increase to any damage he or she inflicts in hand-
to-hand combat, and improves the firepower of unarmed
attacks to Good. The other benefits of extreme Strength—
movement, resistance modifier, and skill checks—are still
based on his or her natural strength. In addition, a walk-
er is treated like powered armor with a +3 step penalty
for action checks, Dexterity feat checks, and so forth. A
hera with the Armor Operation-pawered armor skill may
reduce this penalty as described in the ALTERNITY Player’s
Handbook.

Finally, the mechanical systems and frame of the walk-
er provide a modest amount of armor: d6-3 (LI), d8-4
(HI), d6-4 (En). The walker's power supply allows 8
hours of heavy work or 16 hours of light work before it's

