MERRICH'S PERSONAL SECURITY REPORT

MERRICK’S PERSONAL
SECURITY REPORT

For over one hundred years, Merrick's of Powder has
been acknowledged as the definitive source of reliable
and current information on the latest developments in
personal weaponry. Its yearly 30 publication sells mil-
lions of copies throughout the Stellar Ring and the Verge,
and for those who can't wait until the next release,
Merrick's also publishes quarterly updates to its current
report. The latest issue listed more than two hundred
thousand models of firearms, energy weapons, weapon
modifications and accessories, and body armar, repre-
senting twenty-nine hundred different manufacturers.
(Unfortunately, we can only mention a small fraction of all
that hardware in this sample printout.)

Merrick’s of Powder was founded in 2336 by Colonel
Jane Merrick, an Austrin-Ontis retiree who wanted to
provide an unbiased and complete listing of weapon
models in service throughout human space. A lifetime
gun fanatic, Colonel Merrick had served with distinction
in the Ordnance Branch of the A-O military for thirty-
three years. Her last post was Director of Testing, a posi-
tion in which she personally oversaw the exhaustive field
and range testing of every new A-0 model, in addition to
thousands of weapons belonging to non-Austrin arms
manufacturers.

Colonel Merrick's Heport began as a small-press indus-
try journal and informational database for Austrin-Ontis
executives and other gun enthusiasts. Her personal expe-
rience, comprehensive testing, and impeccable standards
soon made the Report an indispensable resource to any-
one interested in state-of-the-art personal weaponry and
defense systems. In the year after Colonel Merrick’s death
(2370), the Report made its first transstellar publication.
Today, it's the largest and most reputable of a host of
related publications.

The report consists of a single X3D crystal costing
%75, with an onboard navigator to help the user browse

”Mwmmummmmhmaﬂwﬂmes
‘might be assigned the job of shutting down the opera-
tion of a major arms dealer, operating as agents of the
Concord . . . or as dupes of the competition.
Mﬂspﬂngsbipmmnddngduwnmphmsnd
buyers, and dealing with corrupt bureaucrats who
hﬂvsbﬂunbnnuhhﬁhamdaalmnﬂg!ﬂprmds
‘a number of good adventure ideas. On the other hand,
heroes with an entrepreneurial streak and a loose
code of ethics might choose to make their fortunes by
running guns to the outlying reaches of the Verge.

or research any weapon he's interested in. Unlike the
Higunmor Star Consortium Merchant Exchange or
VoidCorp's Compulatalog One, it's not a commercial
advertisement; Merrick’s lists manufacturers’ addresses
and homesites, but doesn't provide current prices, order
information, or a datastream messaging utility. (The cost
figures provided as part of the statistics for each entry
are meant merely as guidance for the reader and should
be taken as rough estimates only. Actual prices may
vary widely from system to system.) Merrick's also pub-
lishes a top-notch hard copy, a series of hardbound
books consisting of nearly three thousand pages of the
most important personal weapon systems avialable
today. The hardbound version costs 50 per volume,
with a six-volume set per year and a ¥25 guarterly
update in magazine format.

IN THE VERGE

A very serious and deadly arms race is under way in the
waorlds of the Verge, as eighty years of progress in the
state of personal weaponry crashes in all at once. The
long isolation imposed by the Second Galactic War pre-
vented the Vergers from staying up to date with the latest
weapon systems, tactics, and developments. While the
major Verge worlds pursued their own weapons pro-
grams, the general population was equipped with
weapons as much as a century out of date—and there’s a
rush of arms dealers, purchasing agents, and military
designers who want to change that. Merrick’s Personal
Security Report is the best resource available for these
entrepreneurs and officers.

The Concord staunchly opposes the flood of legal and
illegal weapons pouring into the Verge, and is calling for
exhaustive licensing and registration to prevent large
quantities of powerful arms from falling into the wrong
hands. But it's already too late. Representatives of dozens
of major arms manufacturers are flitting from place to
place in the Verge, courting system governments, para-
military agencies, private corporations, and the general
public. For every legal arms dealer, there are a dozen
gunrunners and black market racketeers who are mak-
ing a fortune from rearming the Verge. Nowhere is the
arms race more conspicuous than in the war-torn
Algemron system, where the governments of the planets
Alitar and Galvin aggressively pursue any edge they can
cultivate, each trying to obtain and maintain the upper
hand in their decades-old war.

