TeERRA X CAMPING
ACCESSORIES

You're an outdoorsman, an explorer, a trailblazer. You
need the finest camping supplies in the Verge. There’s a
lot of dangerous and unknown territory out there—why
risk your life with inferior equipment? Our Terra X col-
lection is field-tested in a variety of conditions and certi-
fied 100% safe in any Class I or Il environments.

TERRAINMASTER 5§
PoRTABLE CABIN
Availability: Any
Cost: 1,175
Mass: 30 kg
Stack No.: 350CP2947

The best man-portable shelter in its class, the
TerrainMaster stows in a convenient backpack frame.
While it is a serious load for one hiker, the
TerrainMaster’s stowage frame includes a built-in mass
neutralizer that reduces its mass to a mere 5 kilograms
when activated! (The neutralizer has an endurance of 20
hours at this setting, or 50 hours if it’s set to reduce to 15
kg. Remember to save some power for the hike back!)

When you reach your destination, simply drop the
portable cahin in an appropriate spot and pull the infla-
tion cord. Two COp cartridges instantly fill the cabin's
durable pneumatic structure with gas, creating a tough
and sturdy shelter in the blink of an eye! Inside, you'll find
a built-in camping unit and space for six sleeping bags in
a spacious 4-meter-by-3.5-meter floor plan. The camping
unit is a heater, stove, air conditioner, and cold storage
unit in one compact package; it can heat or cool the cabin
for up to 2 weeks, or 1 week in extreme temperatures
(H1 to H3 conditions).

The cabin's inflation bladders are parti-

module is a one-piece stove, heater, refrigerator, and air
conditioner. One lanth cell provides up to 20 days of nor-
mal operation, or 10 days of operation in extreme tem-
peratures and climates. The Stevens can hold up to 12 kg
of supplies and rations in its cold-storage chamber (these
aren’t included in the listed mass of 8 kg). Lightweight,
long endurance, compact stowage, and durability—you
can expect the best from Stevens!

GLiEse 300 HABITAT DoME
Availability: Any
Cost: 1,750
Mass: 50 kg
Stack No.: 3900H3677

It's standard gear in many escape pods, launches, and
shuttlecraft—so why shouldn't you have one too? Our
Gliese 300 habitat dome is made of microengineered
numaplas—a tough, heavy plastic fabric chambered with
self-inflating pneumnatic bladders. A single standard COg
cartridge (two are included) can deploy the dome in
moments. When inflated, the dome is 2 meters tall and 5
meters in diameter. The 300 model has a functional full-
sized airlock door, and the entire dome can withstand
zero-pressure (P0) to dense-pressure (P4) environments.

The Gliese 300 dome is designed for survival in intol-
erable environments. In addition to a camping unit capa-
hle of heating or cooling the dome for up to two weeks in
any environment, the habitat dome also features an
emergency heacon (see page 33), forty meals of rations,
and a water purifier. The patented AirClear scrubber and
circulation system includes two 8-kg oxygen tanks, each
capable of providing 100 man-hours of air.

The habitat dome's sturdy walls have Ordinary tough-
ness and armor protection equal to d6-1 (LI), d6-3 (HI),
d6-1 (En). The dome has 14/14/7 durability points.

tioned by one-way flap valves. It takes
dozens of small punctures or several
large rips or slashes to create a notice-
able sag. The tough plastic has Ordinary
toughness, 12/12/6 durability points,
and the following armor characteristics:
d6-1 (LI), d6-3 (HI), d6 (En).

STEVENS A20 CAMPING

MobuLE
Availability: Any
Cost: $265
Mass: 8 kg

Stock No.: 340CM9076
Built around a high-tech heat exchanger

and circulation system, the camping

~

Bl

530553309 INIAWHJ X BHH3L

