AssAuLT GEAR

Offering a good mix of light mass and full-body protection,
assault gear is a more resilient variety of riot gear
designed to stand up to light small arms fire. Heavy car-
bonate fiber panels are sewn into the torso, hips, thighs,
and upper arms for additional reinforcement. Since this
type of armor provides full-body coverage, it's often used
with a respirator or a gas mask. Assault gear is favored
by security forces, counterinsurgency details, and para-
military organizations.

BATTLEHAWK ZERO-G
AssauLt GEAR

SekureTek Group Ltd.

Availahility: Controlled

Cost: ¥3,250

Mass: 8 kg

Composition: CF weave

Environmental Tolerance:
Gravity: n/a
Radiation: RO-R3 protected
Atmosphere: A0-A3 protected
Pressure: PO-P3 protected
Heat: H1-H3 protected

Action Penalty: +2

Toughness: Ordinary

LI/HI/En: d6-1/d6/d6-1

Hide: —

Effective Strength: n/a

Skill: Armor Operation—combat armor

Battlehawk assault gear is designed especially for use in
low-gravity situations. Like the standard ship's jumpsuit, it
seals against vacuum and includes a vacuum mask with
an B-hour supply of oxygen. A zero-g web with hip and
boot thrusters is built into the armor, allowing omnidirec-
tional free movement at a rate of up to 30 meters per
phase. The stabilizing effect of the armor reduces penal-
ties for zero-g activities by 1 step.

Scout 230 AET AssauLt GEAR

Brusilev Armor Manufacturing

Availahility: Military

Cost: $4,400

Mass: 12 kg

Composition: CF weave

Environmental Tolerance:
Gravity: n/a
Radiation: RO-R3 protected
Atmosphere: AD-A4 protected
Pressure: PO-P3 protected
Heat: HO-H4 protected

Action Penalty: +2

Toughness: Ordinary

LI/HI/En: d6/d8/d6-1

Hide: —

Effective Strength: n/a

Skill: Armor Operation-combat armar

The acronym AET stands for All Environments and
Terrains. The Scout 230 is basically an armored version
of a soft e-suit. It can withstand most climatic extremes,
although its soft construction makes it unsuitable for very
high gravity or atmospheric pressure. Designed for long-
term use in dangerous environments, the Scout 230 is
exceptionally comfortable and can be worn for up to 120
hours straight before its onboard recyclers and oxygen
supplies become exhausted.

P

