PROFESSIONAL EQUIPMENT

GENERAL INDUSTRIES
INDUCTION Disk

The Gravity Age stepladder, our induction disks provide
you with a stable platform for elevated work.

An induction disk is about 40 cm in diameter and
roughly 10 cm thick. It contains an induction motor and a
powerful lanth cell controlled by a handheld wired
remote. A safety line is included for high work—should
the operator fall off the disk, he ends up hanging just
below it, and can easily lower himself to the ground. The
disk can move in any direction at a top speed of 6 meters
per phase, and can support a mass of up to 200 kg for 2
hours before it requires recharging. The disk has no alti-
tude limit, but sounds a warning beep when its charge is
low. ltem 370409561, $600, 10 kg

INSTRUMENT PACKsS

Just like a craftsman, a scientist relies on tools to extend
his senses and record his observations. Our instrument
packs provide high-quality devices in a portable and effi-
cient package. Don't do field work without one!

All of the packs described below provide a -1 step
bonus to a hero's skill checks in the appropriate area
when he's out in the field. In addition, complex skills are
simplified by the pack instruments, decreasing by one
degree of complexity (Amazing to Good, etc.) This reduces
the number of successes a hero needs to complete a com-
plex skill check to the next lowest range. In addition, all
packs include some specialized instruments and tools that
may have other applications for ingenious heroes.

A. Biology Pack. The biology pack includes both
micro- and macrobiological tools. Sampling dishes and
slides, scalpels and tweezers for dissection, and a small
microscope are included for microbiological study.
Binoculars, camera, an air rifle with six tranquilizer darts,
and a tag gun are provided for studying animals. The air
rifle has a range of 10/20/40 meters and can fire one
dart per round. Item 3501558952, %800, 12 kg,
Controlled

B. Chemistry Pack. The most important part of the
chemistry pack is an analyzer kit capable of identifying
unknown compounds by testing their reactions against
certain reagents. A connected ‘sniffer” allows the opera-
tor to sample any object touched. A burner, agitator, and
centrifuge plus a collection of durable nonreactive vials,
beakers, and flasks allows the chemist to set up a small
lab in the field. ltem 350255873b, #700, 8 kg, Common

C. Physics Pack. The main components of the physics
pack are a broad-band EM receiver for detecting and
recording radio emissions, a neutrino detector, a multi-
purpose radiation sniffer, and a handheld mass detector.
Other implements include a laser rangefinder, a small
spectrolyzer for analyzing the temperature and composi-

tion of distant objects, and a small electron microscope.
Item 3503558006¢, ¥2,500, 15 kg, Common

D. Planetology Pack. An all-purpose kit combining
geology, chemistry, and astronomical instruments, the
planetology pack includes: an atmospheric sniffer; soil
and water test kits; seismic detectors and ground sonar
measuring devices for analyzing local geological charac-
teristics; an electronic sextant for making celestial ohser-
vations; and a laser rangefinding device for cartographic
measurements. ltem 350455297d, %600, 10 kg

E. Xenology Pack. Specialized for the study of alien
lifeforms, the xenology pack contains the following instru-
ments: an air rifle with six tranquilizer darts; a tag gun; a
4-meter-square net; hinoculars; a vidcam with a telepho-
to lens and parabolic mike; and a handheld resonating
imager for taking pictures of a creature's internal struc-
ture. ltem 350555766, #1,200, 15 kg, Controlled

BERTEK POWERED JAws
Making a car or building into a pile of twisted wreckage
is easy—but how about taking it apart to help the people
inside? The powered jaws are a lifesaver when time isn't
on your side.

‘This heavy tool is designed to pry open jammed doors,
access panels, or wreckage. It automatically defeats
wreckage or materials of Ordinary and Good toughness;
the operator must make a Technical Science—repair skill
check to successfully pry open wreckage of Amazing
toughness. In reverse, the jaws can snip pieces of debris
up to 10 cm thick. Item 300557848, 8300, 15 kg

LAUNCH FaciuTy, PORTABLE

Nothing beats a satellite for giving you a bird's-eye view

of the situation. Set up your own orbital command link

and surveillance system in less than twenty minutes!
The portable launch facility consists of sectioned metal

