ACCESSORIES AND CLOTHING

or better gold and real precious stones such as rubies,
emeralds, and diamonds. These cost $2,000 to $20,000
per piece (or ten times as much for jewelry of truly aston-
ishing quality). Item 080004288

H. Pouch. Availahle in two styles—the fanny pack, worn
over the small of the back, and the hip pack, worn on the
thigh. A pouch can hold up to 5 kg in mass in a space
.000S cubic meters (5 X 10 x 10 cm) in size. tem
090566213H, #10

1. Purse. Whether you prefer a serious purse that can
tote anything you might care to carry, or an elegant
designer model to go with your evening wear, we've got
the purse for you. The typical purse can hold about 5 kg,
with a volume of 10 X 10 X 5 cm. Itern 0902990881,
%30

J. ToolTote™ Utility Harness. A must for anyone who
does technical waork in difficult conditions, the utility har-
ness (sometimes known as web gear) is worth two extra
hands. Keep your tools in easy reach, but out of the way!
The harness consists of a wide waist belt and two shoul-
der belts that cross behind the back. It has twelve differ-
ent attachment points, each of which can hold a tool or
weapon weighing up to 3 kg. Two more heavy-duty
attachment points can hold items weighing up to 8 kg.
The harness can easily be worn over e-suits, armor, or
other clothes. tem 090105682], $25

K. Wallet. Paper currency and credit cards may be
dead as the dinosaurs on Earth, but everyone needs a
place to keep comm numbers, discount cards, or tempo-
rary currency. Our wallets include credstick holders and
plenty of places to keep your family photos. ltem
091288161K, $40

L. Chronex™ Watch. Precise, durable, and stylish, our
watches come in a dazzling variety of masculine and fem-
inine styles. Our basic watch is a sturdy outdoorsman'’s
model, with a wide wristband and a heavy casing certi-
fied water-resistant up to a depth of 500 meters. It auto-
matically keeps Concord Standard time, and you can pro-
gram our timepiece to keep up to twenty other local
times. Stopwatch, illuminated face, and magnetic compass
included. If you prefer one of our luxury models, you'll get
the same features and durability in a jeweled casing and
band for only $5,000! Item 070209301L, $100

Boorts

Whether you're looking for high fashion, comfort, ar prac-
ticality, we've got the boot for you! Our footwear lines
include hundreds of top models from the best manufac-
turers in the Stellar Ring. Our stock model is a sturdy pair
of steel-toed, nonskid warking boots suitable for a variety
of rugged environments.

Boots can be fitted with magnetic systems for zero-g
work for an extra %100 (see magnetic boots under
Survival Gear). Nonskid soles cost $50 more; these pro-

vide the wearer with a -2 step bonus to Dexterity feat

checks or Athletics—climb skill checks resulting from wet,
slippery, or uneven surfaces.

A. Stompede™ Armored Boots. When personal safe-
ty is your primary concern, you can't beat armored boots.
With steel plates embedded in the sole, heel, tog, and shin,
and tough Synthi-Leather CF weave construction, you'll
find no better protection short of a hody tank. Armored
boots have an armor rating of 2d4-1 (LI), d6-1 (HI), d6
(En) for damage or attacks directed specifically at the
wearer's feet. Item 105498111a, %250, 2 kg

B. TrailTech™ Hiking Boots. Like to take long walks?
You'll want a pair of our top-rated hiking boots. Aerated
by hundreds of smart microvents, these boots automati-
cally seal out water and even include heating elements to
keep your feet toasty in cold weather. Hiking boots pro-
vide a -1 step bonus to a hero's fatigue checks while
engaged in an overland march. ltem 105223217, $150,
1kg

C. Haynes Co. Western Boots. Tough and stylish, a
good pair of boots makes a strong statement about who
you are and what you want. Made from our best synthetic
leather, these knee-high boots can stand up to any pound-
ing. (Genuine leather boots cost $B00) Item
105290034c, $100, 1 kg

BusIiNEss DREss

Feel free to choose from our selection of basic busi-
ness dress, or customize your appearance by selecting
individual pieces described below. Our ensemble includes
your choice of slacks or skirt and a matching suit coat.
You'll want a dress shirt or blouse, socks or stockings,
and shoes to complete your attire.

In today’s society, diversity is the only style that matters.
With hundreds of major warlds each guided by their own
sense of fashion, it's impossible to state with any accura-
cy what type of business style is in or out. Currently, most
of those in the know
favor a semimilitary
look, featuring double-
breasted coats, promi-
nent buttans and fasten-
ers, and narrow collars.
Shimmering, almost iri-
descent, fabrics with
strong metallic high-
lights against a darker
material are favored,
with very plain acces-
sories.

Other business fash-
ions that are ‘in"
include high-collared

T R i Caearlsak N

