v SN
IsoMep Forensics Kit

Medical examiners in over two hundred systems have
chosen our IsoMed forensics kits for their professional
standard. The best craftsmanship in the medical instru-
ment industry, available now at the best price.

The forensics kit includes a laser scalpel, a powered
bone saw, clamps, spreaders, syringes, and other instru-
ments useful for conducting autopsies and drawing bio-
logical samples. lts most powerful tool is a built-in micro-
computer and 30 drive, with an analysis dish that can
provide gene-typing for blood, hair, and other samples on
the spot (make a complex skill check with one check per
round or minute). It provides a -2 step bonus to Inves-
tigate or Medical Science skill checks in forensic studies.

A kit without the microcomputer is available for %200,
but it only confers a -1 step bonus and requires hours to
analyze the results. Item 220986088, #1,200, 3 kg,
Common

MEDICAL GEAR AND SUPPLIES

GRAFT, BoNE

Emergency medtechs and combat surgeons don't always
have the luxury of an operating theater and a compre-
hensive supply locker. When you can't get your patient to
a hospital for reconstructive surgery, our patented bone
graft allows you to rebuild broken bones with a minimum
of invasive surgery.

Bone graft is a gellike substance that can be shaped
and molded easily when first removed from its container,
but hardens into a tough organic cement after an hour or
s0. It's used with an arthroscapic ar syringelike applica-
tor (available in most surgery kits) to knit broken bones
in the space of an hour. As soon as the graft sets, the vic-
tim recovers full use of the limb, although the injured area
typically remains sore and tender for a week or maore.
After 40 to B0 days, the bone graft disintegrates, having
served its purpose as an internal cast and matrix for bone
regrowth.

Doctars use bone graft when it's important to get an
injured person up and on his feet again within a shart
time, instead of allowing a broken bone to knit naturally.
Using bone graft in surgery counts as 1 automatic suc-
cess in the Medical Science-surgery complex skill check,
and adds 1 point to the wound or mortal damage healed
by the surgeon. Item 200840200, ¥500, 05 kg,
Controlled

GRAFT, TISSUE

The sooner you can get an injured person back on his
feet, the sooner the healing process can begin. Our tissue
graft eliminates the need for ime-consuming and delicate
sutures in 63% of soft-tissue injuries. Better yet, there’s
no need for followup procedures to remove materials
from a healed wound!

B

Tissue graft is similar to bone graft, but it hardens to the
consistency of healthy muscle when it sets. lis smart,
ergonomic materials automatically form blood vessels
and muscular attachments while providing a framework
for natural tissue regrowth. After 20 to 40 days, it slow-
ly disintegrates, leaving only healthy new tissue behind.

Using tissue graft in Medical Science-surgery or treat-
ment skill checks counts as 1 automatic success, and
adds 1 point to the wound or mortal damage healed by
the doctor. This is cumulative with the bonus for using
bone graft, if the patient has both skeletal and soft-tissue
injuries. ltem 200830100, ¥500, 0.3 kg, Controlled

MCI1 Lire SuPPORT Pack

Seconds count when a critically injured soldier is fighting
for his life. Our MedCare One life support device can buy
that soldier time—time to reach the skilled surgeons and
facilities he'll need to pull through.

Hesembling a hard plastic breastplate with a power cell
and control unit attached, the life support pack is basical-
ly a portable, self-attaching heart-and-lung machine.
When applied and activated, it identifies the most conve-
nient undamaged artery and inserts a large-diameter
transfusion tube. The pack oxygenates and pumps the
victim’s blood as necessary, even administering
painkillers, anesthesia, coagulant, plasma, or artificial
blood from its onboard supplies.

When successfully activated, the life support pack
negates the requirement for Stamina-endurance checks
related to mortal damage for as long as the power holds
out. (The attached cell has enough power for 12 hours)
In fact, if the pack is applied successfully within 5 rounds
of the loss of the victim's last mortal point, the life support
pack restores 1 point of mortal damage and preserves
the victim's life.

‘The medic must make a successful Bnowledge~first aid
or Medical Science-treatment skill check in order to
apply the pack and activate it. One check per round is
allowed; if the victim actually lost all his mortal points, the
medic’s check suffers a +2 step penalty. Item
240405200, #800, 3 kg, Military

MEebpTECH RoBoT

It takes years of training to make a doctor-unless you
just go out and buy one! Our medical robots are mohile
ambulances, capahle of preserving life and summoning
help when no human medical personnel are available.
Tried and tested on battlefields throughout Old Space and
the Verge, the medtech robot is worth its weight in gold
when you're dealing with an emergency situation! Item
292600770, #20,500, 30 kg, Controlled

Game statistics: STR 4, DEX 6, CON 6, INT 14, WIL 7,
PER 2; Durahility 6/6/3; Movement-walk 4; Action
