3

d-

| [l
I&!
| Al

Wi
~t

e

portrait mode, simply showing the head and shoulders of
each party, but the speakers can select full-image trans-
mission and reception. In this mode, the holophone pro-
jects a 20-cm tall miniature image of the other party.
Holophones aren't available in heads-up models.

Detector SDD209807

Class: Sensars

Availahility: Any

Cost: (A) ¥250; (B) %250; (C) #125; (D) $125
Mass: 2 kg

Dim: 25 cm X 12 cm X 4 cm

A Biodetector. The biodetector is a handheld unit
about 15 cm X 10 cm X 3 cm. It's a specialized hio-
chemical sniffer that detects traces of key organic com-
pounds in an area. While the biodstector can't detect spe-
cific lifeforms or track their movements, it can determine
if life exists, what its basic chemistry or series is, and
what type of creatures (small plants, large carnivores,
microbes only, etc.) inhabit the area. The detector pro-
vides a —2 step bonus to Life Science-biology or System
Operation-sensors skill checks to search for or classify
life signs. It can sniff an area roughly 50 meters in diam-
eter with 12 seconds (1 round) of readings.

B. Chem Detector. Hesembling the biodetector in form,
the chem detector is a general-purpose sniffer and taster
device that can analyze atmospheric composition or spe-
cific substances it is brought into contact with. It provides
a -1 step bonus to the user’s Physical Science-chemistry
or System Operation-sensors skill checks to detect or
classify chemical compounds in the vicinity.

“ i

C. EM Detector. This device detects electromagnetic
energy and transmissions. It's useful for detecting radio or
radar emissions, measuring an object’s radiant heat, and
measuring magnetic fields. Note that x-ray, gamma, and
cosmic radiation are part of the EM spectrum, so the
detector can also spot dangerous radiation levels. The
detector provides a -1 step bonus to the user’s Physical
Science-physics or System Operation-sensors skill
checks in these areas.

D. Rad Detector. The radiation detector combines a
high-band EM detector with a series of plates designed to
measure particulate (alpha, beta, or neutron) radiation
levels. The detector provides a -2 step bonus to Physical
Science-physics, System Operation-sensors, or Aware-
ness-perception skill checks to spot danger or localize
specific sources of radiation.

GAunTLET SDG297003

Class: Sensors

Availability: Common

Cost: (A) $550; (B) #725; (C) #350

Mass: 2 kg

Dim: 40 cm X 12 cm X 10 cm (approx.)

A Diver Gauntlet. The gauntlet is an easy-to-use
frame for many kinds of sensors and hardware. Fitting
over the forearm and hand, it's light, durable, and conve-
nient. The diver gauntlet is completely waterproof; it has
a small sonar transducer and display, an inertial mapping
system to help the diver keep track of his location, and a
blood chemistry sampler that continuously monitors for
dangerous. conditions (narcosis, the bends, etc) and
warns the diver when he must return to the surface. The
gauntlet reduces penalties for visibility or disorientation
by 2 steps and provides a —1 step bonus to any Dare-
devil-diving or Movement-swim skill

L

* .| B Sensor Gauntlet This useful device
miniaturizes the EM and chemical detec-
tors described in the previous entry and
combines them in one convenient plat-
form. Optionally, sensor gauntlets may be
specialized to include any two of the four
detector devices described above, so it's
possible to buy a biochem sensor gaunt-
let, a chemrad sensor gauntlet, and so
forth. The gauntlet provides a -1 step
bonus to the user’s Life Science, Physical
Science, Awareness, and Investigate skill
checks.

C. Radar Gauntlet. The radar gauntlet
features a small phased-array radar sys-
temn that gives the user the ability to
detect vehicles or objects far beyond his

y

