{

necessary to recharge the device. Item 320855003,
$3,250, 120 kg, Common

WEIGHT NEUTRALIZER

The longshoreman’s best friend! The weight neutralizer
gives every man on the job the effective strength of a
forklift. Watch your cargo handling fees plummet!

The weight neutralizer is a small gravity inducer that
can be attached to an object in order to counter the effects
of gravity on it. It's magnetized for easy attachment to
metallic crates and containers, but a simple retaining
strap is also included. The neutralizer has an endurance
of 10,000 kilogram-hours, so an object weighing two
metric tons (2,000 kg) could be rendered weightless for
5 hours.

Inertia and momentum are not neutralized by this
device. A massive object hovering in mid-air can be
pushed around slowly by a man on foot, but it could still
crush someone or something before it came to a full stop,
and a car that crashed into a neutralized boulder would
still sustain normal collision damage. ltem 360299802,
$300, 4 kg, Common

MisceLLANEOUS GEAR

The Rigunmor Star Consortum Merchant Exchange is
proud to offer praducts from over 85,000 different man-
ufacturers. Anything you can think of, we can sell. We've
included only a tiny percentage of our goods in this brief
excerpt from our Miscellaneous Goods catalog disk.

AUTOKEY

Forget your key card? The autokey can crack any secu-
rity system. Set it over the recognition panel and let the
autokey do your lockpicking for you!

The autokey is a device about 12 cm X 8 cm X 1 cm.
It has two modes of operation: magnetic code and bio-
electric signatures. When placed over a biolock or card-
recognition lock and activated, the autokey emulates an
approved passcode through trial and error. Using an
autokey adds a -2 step bonus to a character's

Manipulation or Security skill checks to break a biolock,
or a —4 step bonus for simpler key-card locks.

Many lock panels are keyed to sound an alarm when
a certain number of invalid signatures are attempted, so
using an autokey is not without risk. It's a good idea to
disable any security alarms before using the autokey to
break the lock’s passcode. tem 495200366, #1,500, 1
kg, Controlled

Need to handcuff someone in a hurry? Our personal
restraints are easy to apply, impossible to escape, and
certified not to cause collateral injury while worn.

Made from virtually indestructible carbonate fiber
strands, binders are easier to use than earlier handcuffs
and offer greater flexibility. With a length variable from 2
to 60 cm, they can be used in a variety of holds. While
bound, the subject’s Strength and Dexterity-based resis-
tance modifiers are reduced by 1 step, and he may not
make unarmed attacks. Binders also include a stun circuit
triggered by a command baton (range 100 meters); the
pulse inflicts 2d6s to a difficult prisoner, but the binders
only have enough energy for three charges before they're
exhausted.

Binders don't have any lock to pick—they're keyed by
microcircuitry. The command baton is the only device that
can open the binders, although most law enforcement
agencies mandate that desk sergeants and shift comman-
ders carry ‘master” batons, capable of stunning or open-
ing any set of binders in the facility.

Binders can be cut or severed with the right tools.
Carbonate shears or a laser torch would work, as well as
any low-impact or energy weapon that inflicts damage of
at least Good firepower. An unwilling target must first be
overpowered before binders can be applied. Item
460788232, $175, 0.5 kg, Common

BrLasTPrRooF™ BioLock

The finest personal security money can buy! Once keyed
to your signature, the biolock cannot be opened by any
other means. No combinations to forget, no keys to lose!

Biolocks come in padlock, vehicular, and deadbolt
designs. Up to ten different peaple can be scanned into the
recognition plate as authorized users. Biolocks are com-
pletely resistant to lockpicking attempts, and are consid-
ered to be devices of Amazing complexity and difficulty
(minimum 6 successes at a +3 step penalty) for attempts
to break them with the Security-security devices skill.
Biolocks can be physically destroyed, of course, but have
Good toughness, 8/8/4 durability, and armor that stops
dB+1 (LI), d6+3 (HI), d6+1 (En) points of damage. ltem
490233500, $100, 1 kg

=
)
=]
m
—
—
=1
=
(s,
=
=
)
[=x)
m
=3
=

