TyKo Heavy-Durty Fan
This isn't an office cooling fan, friend. This is an industri-
al strength air mover, capable of dispersing a building-full
of fumes or smoke in a matter of moments.

Powered by built-in lanth cells with an endurance of 2
hours, the heavy duty fan moves 2,000 cubic meters of
air per minute. This is sufficient to completely refresh the
atmosphere in a space 20 meters wide, 25 meters long,
and 4 meters tall. Naturally, there has to be a place to
draw air from and to discharge air to—setting up the fan
in an enclosed space creates a lot of noise and wind but
just pushes around the air thats already inside. Thirty
meters of collapsible plastic tubing is included to extend
the fan’s reach or draw. ltem 340873003, $150, 30 kg

GENERAL INDUSTRIES FLOODLIGHT

Why work in the dark? Our multiband floodlights let you
throw the illumination of your choice on the job at hand.
You'll wonder how you got along without ‘erm.

This arc-light has adjustments for color (infrared
through ultraviolet), pattern (wide flood or narrow search
beam) and intensity. As a beam, the floodlight can illumi-
nate a 10-meter circle up to 2 kilometers distant. As a
lamp, the floodlight illuminates a cone-shaped area 100
meters wide and 250 meters long. Its lanth cells have an
endurance of 12 hours at maximum power. The
adjustable stand allows the light to be positioned in a
number of ways. ltem 340297938, 75, 8 kg

GENERATOR, FusioN

You'll never have to worry about power needs again with
your own fusion generator. Just add water every now and
then, and watch the kilowatts roll in!

The smallest fusion plant possible with the technology
of the day, the generator is about 1.5 meters tall and
roughly half that size in diameter. It provides enough
energy to run a large building or small complex of about
100 people, a powerful vehicle such as a skytank or sub-
mersible, or power many systems of shipboard quality. In
fact, it produces 1 energy point and requires 2 durability
puints as a ship system, although larger fusion generators
are more commonly used. The generator is designed to
be virtually foolproof, and shuts down safely in almost all
catastrophic failures.

While the generator only needs water ta run once i's
operational, it takes a source of energy to cold-start it. A
10-kg lanthanide start-cell is included in purchase; the
user’s manual recommends immediately recharging this
battery, in case the generator must be shut down and
restarted cold at some later time. Item 360295880,
8,000, 120 kg, Common

BERTEK PORTABLE GENERATOR

Okay, so a fusion generator is too big for the job you have
in mind—try a portable generator for your power needs!
Light and efficient, you can take our portable generator
anywhere!

The portable generator's something of a throwback,
relying on a highly concentrated self-oxygenating liquid
fuel. It produces enough power to run a small building or
outpost of about ten people or to power one average-
sized piece of equipment. It uses one liter of Oxymite™
fuel per two hours of operation; the listed cost and mass
includes a 10-liter tank full of Oxymite. Additional fuel
costs #10 and weighs 2 kg per liter. ltem 260135200,
8500, 25 kg

TRAILTECH SOLAR GENERATOR

You need power, but you don't want to haul bulky fuel
cans around? The solar generator needs nothing but sun-
light and space to meet your power needs.

The solar generator can only power small equipment
or a camp of about five people, but it's light and it does-
n't need fuel. For best results, its collapsible panels must
be laid out over an area of about 20 square meters,
preferably in a sunny spot. Item 260335400, ¥750, 15 kg

(. )

1N3MdIN03 TENOISS340kd

