Heroes are always looking for an extra edge over the
nefarious villains that infest most campaigns. Sometimes
it's the right skill, better teamwark, or a good plan . . . but
other times it's simply a matter of having the right tool for
the right job. In this book, we'll take a look at a wide array
of instruments, devices, weapons, vehicles, and other use-
ful itemns that heroes might come across in a STAR'DRIVE™
campaign.

While many of these devices are powerful and inge-
nious, none are miracle machines—they all operate on
concrete principles known to the scientists of the Gravity
Age. The STAR*DRIVE campaign is built on imaginary sci-
ence, an SF plot device in which guesses or speculation
about future developments form a springboard for the
stary. Imaginary science includes technology such as the
stardrive and gravity-control devices—items that we don't
have any real idea how to make today, but that we might
invent in the future.

In speculating about the imaginary science of the
Gravity Age, we've tried to avoid blundering into wrong
science. Imaginary science is okay as long as you don't
contradict facts that we know to be true today, but wrong
science (letting helicopters fly in a vacuum, for instance)
can seriously damage the credibility of your campaign,
especially if you have some clever and observant players
in your group. Much as a well-written fantasy story needs
rules or limitations for the use of magic, good science fic-
tion needs consistency and accuracy in describing the
miracles of the day.

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
—
—

TECHNOLOGY ON THE EDGE

The Gravity Age is a time of progress. For the most part,
humankind is happier, healthier, and more productively
employed than at any previous point in history.
Challenged by the vast unconquered reaches of space on
all sides, the human species faces a frontier that can
never be tamed, a perpetual spur to grow both politically
and socially. But while this new age has unlimited poten-
tial, it's not perfect. Some portions of the galactic society
don't have access to the luxuries and miracles that
abound in the homeworlds of Old Space. Others find that,
instead of freeing them from labor and oppression, tech-
nology has simply given the ruling classes more effective
instruments of repression.

Like everything human, technological advances lend
themselves to both positive and negative uses. So, what's
life like in the age of the stardrive?

URBANIZATION

Human space is crowded. More than one hundred plan-
ets with populations of ten billion or more are scattered

i

throughout the human stellar nations, and hundreds more
have populations of at least one billion. Even with envi-
ronmental engineering, many planets are stretched to the
limits of their carrying capacities.

Long-settled worlds are marked by sprawling mega-
lopolises, cities dozens or hundreds of kilometers across.
Cheap and fast mass transit ease traffic congestion and
pollution in many megalopolises, but cities are still the
focal point for social unrest and criminal activity. On
worlds suffering from oppressive governments or eco-
nomic troubles, the urban sprawl is filthy and lawless.
Even in the less populous Verge, dangerous sprawls can
be found on Alaundril in the Tendril system and on
Penates in the Lucullus systermn.

Apartment buildings are the residence of choice for
most city dwellers. Heat and power are cheap in the
Gravity Age; most buildings are electrically heated by
power provided by a city-operated mass reactor. Gas
mains, steam tunnels, and oil heat only exist in the oldest
cities. Sewer and sanitation facilities haven't changed \
much, although waste reclamation and recycling are far "
more efficient than in PL 5 systems.

For every Class 1 urbanized waorld, dozens of settle-
ments and industrial facilities exist on marginal planets.
Life in these colonies and outposts is not so pretty—many
are company towns under the ruthless administration of
corporate magnates, while others are located in such hos-
tile environments that no energy or attention can be
spared for creature comforts. People who choose to live
in such appalling conditions do so in the hope that their
high wages will lead to a better life elsewhere.

THE RIGHT To WORK

Automation has taken many jobs out of human hands—in
the better worlds of human space, very few people work
in heavy industry, agriculture, sanitation, or manufactur-
ing. The workforce has shifted to service and leisure
industries. The blue-collar assembly line worker isn't
found in the highly developed worlds of Old Space. His
successor is a highly trained industrial engineer or oper-
ator who programs and maintains automated systems :
that do the actual assembly work.
By 2501, few people need to work in agriculture and \
industry to support the starfaring societies of the day. !
Most workers find employment in information, leisure,
entertainment, trade, and service industries. This isn't i
enough to keep everyone on the overpopulated worlds of i
0Old Space gainfully employed. Unemployment runs at 10
to 50 percent in the heartworlds of the Stellar Ring, leav-
ing large populations of disenfranchised citizens in even
the most prosperous stellar nations.
While most governments provide subsidized housing,

