MobuLeE, COMMUNICATIONS
CMM663817

Class: Communications

Availability: (A) Common; (B) Military; (C) Controlled; (D)
Controlled

Cost: (A) #50; (B) #500; (C) ¥200; (D) #100

Mass: 70 g

Dim: Bcm X 5cm X 2 cm

A. Datastream Module. About the size and shape of a
plastic key card, this module is designed to cradle or con-
nect to a cellcomm, comm gear, vidphone, or other com-
munication device. A 2-meter microwire lead ends in a
jack suitable for a computer’s comm port or a cybernetic
character’s NUack. The datastream module simply allows
a computer to transmit and receive information over any
kind of communications gear.

B. Encryption Module. Resembling the datastream
module in size and use, encryption modules are sold in
pairs. Attached to a normal communicatar, the encryption
device automatically scrambles the signal so that anyone
listening in can't understand a thing. Only the matching
encryption module can decipher the transmission.

C. Voice Modulation Module. Like the other modules,
a voice modulator is simply fitted to another communica-
tions device. When activated, it allows the speaker to alter
his voice patterns to just about anything imaginable,
although it doesn't give him the ability to speak in anoth-
er language. The modulator is perfectly capable of mim-
icking a specific person, if the character can obtain a
recording of that person's speech patterns.

D. Uplink Module. Most Gravity Age communications
devices have sufficient power ta reach orbital satellites or
ships, but finding the right part of the sky to point at is
another matter. The uplink module zeroes in on a ‘mark-
er’ signal from the target satellite or ship, allowing the
user to select orbital targets simply by dialing a selector
on the module. On highly developed worlds, the user
might have dozens or hundreds of orbital stations to
choose from.

TrRANsLATOR CMT909163

Class: Communications
Availability: Common

Cost: (A) #1,500; (B) $2,250
Mass: (A) 500 g; (B) 600 g
Dim: 15 cm X 10 cm X 5 cm

A Translate. While no universal translator exists in the
Gravity Age, fairly good facsimiles for known languages
exist. The translation slate—translate, for short—is a device
similar in size and shape to a standard data slate, with the
addition of a built-in microphone and speaker unit. With

a standard language 3D in place, the translate converts a
foreign phrase or sentence into an equivalent phrase in
the second language, and plays it through the speaker.
Using a translate is a litfle awkward, since the speaker
must press a start button, speak clearly and plainly, then
press a stop button to trigger the translation. Complicated
concepts, exact emotional inflection, and other such
nuances may be hard to get across. Translate language
3Ds are available for every known human tongue and all
major alien languages, costing #100 each.

B. Active Interpreter. This device is a translate with a
wire lead to an earpiece and a second lead to an amulet-
like throat speaker. The throat piece generates a perfect
interference with the wearer's natural voice, silencing his
speech in his native language while enunciating the trans-
lated words. The active interpreter continuously translates
for the wearer without the stop-and-go exchange of a
normal translate. Favored for diplomatic functions, the
device can easily be worn under any clothing.

VippHONE CMV564861

Class: Communications

Availability: Any

Cost: (A) #400; (B) #750; (C) 1,850

Mass: (A, B) 1 kg; (C) 2 kg

Dim: (A, B) 20 cm X 12 cm X 6 cm
(C) 25 cm % 20 cm X 15 cm

A Vidphone. Many people prefer face-to-face commu-
nications. Portable video phones are every bit as popular
as cellular phones in earlier years. The vidphone's optic | |
pickup is a small video camera. A character on the go
can hold the vidphone about half a meter in front of her
face and look into it as she talks, but most folks prefer to
set the vidphone on a desk or dashboard to use it

The vidphone can be set for send only, receive only,
audio mode, or full two-way video. Its camera, while
small, is a normal video camera and can be used to
“record” images or scenes simply by calling up someone
who has a video recorder attached to his or her vidphone.

B. Heads-up Vidgear. Resembling comm gear, the
‘heads-up version of the vidphone includes a transparent
eyescreen that the wearer can flip down over his face to
receive video over his communication circuit His own
transmission camera is worn as part of his headpiece and
shows what he’s looking at, not his own face (although its
easy enough to detach the camera feed and look into it).
Heads-up vidgear is available in cellular or independent
models.

C. Holophone. The holophone is a small console with
two separate camera pickups in order to catch the speak-
er's face in three dimensions. Its base is a small holopro-
jector, allowing the user to converse with a holographic
image of the other party. Usually, holophones are set to

=
=
==
=
=
—
=
=
=
=
=
o
[==]
™
=
==

