reach spot, the user suffers a +1 step penalty to his
action check if he is attempting to draw his weapon in a
hurry.

[=x]
=1

SPECIALTY AMMUNITION

Most weapon professionals prefer high-tech, high-quality
ammunition over the basic rounds available for most
firearms. The specialized munitions described below are
available for any projectle weapon (any weapon that
inflicts HI damage), including charge weapons, sabot
weapons, and flechette weapons.

Brack THUNDER AP Rounp

ThunderCorp Arms
Availability/Cost: Controlled/2X normal clip cost
Payload: Sabot penetrator
Platform: Any charge weapon

The Black Thunder bullet is a discarding-sabot Teflon
penetrator designed to pierce armor. This high-impact
round halves the effect of any armor it strikes (round up).
For example, attack armor normally stops d6+1 points of
HI damage. If the d6 result is a 4, the armor stops a total
of 5 points of primary damage against standard ammu-
nition, but it only stops 3 points of damage (one-half of 5,
rounded up) from a Black Thunder round.

The damage roll of a sabot weapon using this round is
reduced by 1 point, to a minimum of 1. Clips of AP amma
are twice as expensive as clips of normal ammo.

=
=
=
=
=
-
> ==
=
=
=
=
=3
=}
[orw]
o
o)

MiGHTYMITE EXPLOSIVE ROUND
Dietterlich Industries
Availability/Cost: Military/4 X normal clip cost
Payload: Detonex warhead
Platform: Charge and sabot guns

Tipped with a Detonex-filled slug, the MightyMite
explodes a split second after impact, causing ghastly
wounds. If the bullet penetrates the target's armar (i, the
target suffers primary wound or mortal damage from the
attack), the exploding bullet inflicts d6-3 additional wound
points that the victim’s armor does not block.

ARcHER AA STABILIZED ROUND
TexMex Munitions Inc.
Availability/Cost: Controlled/3 X normal clip cost
Payload: Fin-stahilized sabot
Platform: Charge and sabot guns

This round is not rifled for spin-stabilization as most
conventional slugs are; instead, it resembles a small
aerodynamic dart, deploying small fins after leaving the
barrel. Its extremely accurate, reducing penalties for
medium- and long-range fire by 1 step.

SHREDDER C5 FLECHETTE AMMO

Soze Arms Ltd.
Availability/Cost: Controlled/2 X normal clip cost
Payload: Flechette bundle
Platform: Charge guns

This round converts a standard charge pistol or rifle
into a flechette weapon. The weapon's range is reduced
to 6/12/30 meters, and its damage to d4w/d6w/d4m—
but its damage doubles for shortrange shats. The
Shredder CS is popular for close-guarters fights, natural-
ly; damage for long-range shots is reduced to one-half
normal.

B-MAce GEL Rounp

StarMech Edge One Division
Availability/Cost: Controlled/2X normal clip cost
Payload: Soft gel capsule
Platform: Charge or sabot guns

Intended for nonlethal target subdual, the gel round
converts any wound damage normally inflicted by the
weapon to stun points, and any mortal damage to twice
that number of stun points. The B-Mace suffers a +1 step
penalty to long-range fire.

TaLoN X GuiDep Rounbp

MBA Technologies Inc.
Availability/Cost: Military/5X normal clip cost
Payload: Laser-guided slug
Platform: Charge or sahot guns

The Talon X guided round is necessary in order to take
advantage of the Falcon X weapon guidance system (see
previous section). A Talon X round is fitted with a laser-
seeking head and aerofoils for in-flight course correction.
Without guided ammo, the guidance system is useless.

SNAKE EYEs IR HoMING Rounp
TexMex Munitions Inc.
Availability/Cost: Military/4 X normal clip cost
Payload: Infrared-guided slug
Platform: Charge or sabot guns

The infrared homing bullet is fitted with a tiny heat-
seeking sensor in its head, adjusting its path to strike like-
ly heat sources. It offers a -2 step bonus to medium-
range attacks, or a —1 step bonus to long-range attacks.

If the attack skill check fails, the bullet lacks on to some
other likely heat source, and the user must then make a
normal attack skill check against the alternate target.
Sometimes this is another enemy nearby, but the Snake
Eyes can't distinguish between friend and foe. (It's not a
good round to fire into a area where friendlies are mixed
up with hostiles.) If the secand attack misses, tao, the bul-
let doesn't endanger anyone else.

