tex. It allows the wearer to literally see sound, providing
360-degree vision and negating any penalties for blind-
ness.

NAv GEAR SGNO097862

Class: Sensors
Availability: Common
Cost: (A) #750; (B) $125; (C) #900; (D) #100
Mass: (A) 500 g; (B) 200 g; (C) 500 g; (D) 200 g
Dim: (A, C) 15cm X 10 cm X 3 cm;

(B, D) 7 cm diameter, 2 cm thick

A. Celestial Navkit. This kit is a modified data slate
built around a head-down starfinder and holosextant. The
navkit’s internal sensors compute horizon location in any
terrain, and its repeater display lets the navigator shoot
his bearings without the tedious and painstaking

.y

ScANNER SSD004598

Class: Sensors

Availability: Common

Cost: (A) %375; (B) $125
Mass: 1 kg

Dim: 18 cm X 9 cm X B cm

A. Imaging Scanner. Using advanced magnetic reso-
nance technology, the imaging scanner provides an inside
look at anything it's touched to. Its field of view is 8 cen-
timeters wide, and the focus depth can be adjusted from
1 centimeter to 3 meters by a simple dial. It's useful for
locating alarm circuits and analyzing locks, scanning
packages or crates to examine their contents without
opening them, or determining the extent of a wounded
comrade’s injuries. In general, the imaging scanner pro-

process of swinging a sextant. Three identifi- (
able stars allow the user to compute his exact
location on a planet's surface in about a
minute. Celestial navigation doesn't rely on a
vulnerahle satellite network, but a heavy over-
cast prevents the user from shooting stars. The
celestial navkit requires a planetary database
for each world it's going to be used on; a
world-disk costs #50. The celestial navkit pro-
vides a —2 step bonus to Navigation-system
astrogation skill checks.

B. Gyrocompass. The gyrocompass, or
inertial compass, uses a battery-powered gyro-
scope to indicate true north. Its lanth cell lasts
for 60 days of continual operation. The gyro-
compass provides a -1 step bonus to
Navigation-surface navigation skill checks.

C. Inertial Navkit. This device uses
extremely sensitive accelerometers to record exactly how
far it moves in every direction, creating a flawless track
of the user's motion across, over, or under the surface of
a planet. Like the celestial navkit, the inertial kit requires
a planetary database of detailed topographical informa-
tion in order to be useful. The inertial navkit provides a
—2 step bonus to the user's Navigation—surface navigation
skill checks, and its lanthanide cells provide up to six
months of operation.

D. Satellite Receiver. Using navigational signals from
a constellation of special satellites, the sat receiver (also
known as a GPS system) simply provides the user’s exact
coordinates on demand. It provides a -2 step bonus to the
user’s Navigation-surface navigation skill checks, but
only if there is a satellite navigation system in place—
without the satellites, the receiver is useless.

vides a —1 step bonus to Demolitions—disarm, Technical
Science-repair, Security-security devices, and Manipula-
tion—/ockpick skill checks.

Some security systems or bomb fuses are set to react
to the magnetic field of an imaging scanner; heroes
should not assume that it's always safe to use this device.

B. Weapon Detector. This device is a simple imaging
scanner designed to provide a wide-field scan for dense
ohjects. Coupled with the scanner is a chemical sniffer
sensitized for conventional and plasma explosives. The
weapon detector can't provide the thorough examination
of an imaging scanner, but it's much faster and adds the
capability of sniffing out explosives. System Opera-
tion-sensors and Investigate—search are the skills associ-
ated with the weapon detector; the device provides a -2
step bonus to either in detecting metallic or hard plastic
Wweapons.

Weapon detectors and imaging scanners can be defeat-
ed by antiscan weave.
