The suit's lanthanide power cells provide up to 80
hours of continuous operation for the onboard control
module and heating/cooling elements. Instead of a bulky
air tank, the Orbiter has a rebreather system vmh an oxy-
genator cartridge that provides 12 hours of D%ina small,
1-kg package (not included in the listed suit mass). The
rebreather system includes two regulators and a switch
valve, so you'll be able to change out oxygen cartridges
in open space without interrupting your air supply—a big
advantage over some competitors’ designs! Many experi-
enced spacehands have recorded EVAs of 20 to 30 hours
in the Orbiter C1, carrying two or three spare oxygen car-
tridges.

The Orbiter includes a multiband suit communicator
with a range of 10,000 km in open space or 1,000 km
on a planetary surface. Additional oxygenator cartridges
cost $25 each, and additional power cells cost #50 each.

=
=
)
=
—J
—_
=
=
-3
>
w
=
=
—
{ )
=
=
-]
.

EXPLORER D9
ARMORED ENVIRONMENT SUIT

Availability: Controlled
Cost: $4,500
Mass: 12.5 kg
Action Penalty: +2
Environmental Tolerance:

Gravity: GO-G3

Badiation: RO-R4

Atmosphere: AO-AS

Pressure: PO-PS

Heat: HO-H4
LI/HI/En: d6-1/d6/d6-1
Stock No.: 400AV2548

If vacuum is only one of your environmental worries,
you'll want the Explorer D9. Made from cerametal plate
and ultratough polymere weave, its advanced materials
actually get stronger under pressure. Because the suit is
virtually impervious to any kind of terrestrial or subter-
restrial environment, only the most intolerable heat or
intense gravity can threaten a traveler wearing the
Explorer.

As with the Orbiter C1, the Explorer's onboard lanth
cells provide enough power for 80 hours of continuous
operation. Its heavy-duty rebreather system provides 12
hours of oxygen in a 1-kg cartridge that can be changed
out in any environment without interrupting the air sup-
ply. For an extra 2,500, the Explorer can be fitted with
an exoskeletal support system, permitting normal motion
and activity in gravity up to G4, and increasing the wear-
er's Strength score to 15 for purposes of lifting or break-
ing objects.

The Explorer's control module includes a multiband suit
communicator with an open-space range of 10,000 km
or 1,000 km on a planetary surface. Additional oxygena-

B

E-Suits AND DAMAGE

E-suits are lined with a self-sealing, puncture-resistant
inner layer. This prevents small tears, punctures, and
cuts from depressurizing the suit. In the Gravity Age,
the ability of e-suits to retain their integrity despite
being damaged is improved over the durability of ear-
lier versions. When the wearer of a soft e-suit is struck
by an attack, the suit loses integrity only if the wearer
suffers 4 points or more of primary wound or mortal
damage (ie,, the wound or mortal damage exceeds the
armor roll of the suit by 4 points or more). For exam-
ple, if a suited character is struck by a 8mm bullet that
inflicts 5 wound points of damage, his suit is breached
only if he gets a result of 1 (ar lower)
roll. On the other hand, a plasma gun
' points of wound damage will breach the suit
armar roll is a 4 or lower, since at least 4 points of pri-
mary damage will penetrate. Hard e-suits are only
breached if the wearer suffers 4 points or mare of
mortal damage.

When a suit loses integrity, the wearer usually per-
ishes quickly from exposure to vacuum. However, all
suits include a suit patch kit in a thigh or hip pocket.
Patching the suit requires a single successful Technical
Science—repair skill check by the injured hero or
someone near enough to aid him, and the character
may attempt one check per action. If he's lucky, he'll
patch the suit before perishing from exposure to vac-
uum (see “PO: Vacuum” in Chapter 3 of the ALTERNITY
Gamemaster Guide).

[Explorer D9 Armored E-Suit

