(]
[==
[
—
=
oo
=
=
L=

=

C. Vidcam. Simply an improved version of the PL 5
video camera, the Gravity Age version of this device
records straight to a 3D disk that can be played in any
vidviewer, computer, or data slate. The model described
here is a light shoulder-carried version with a back-carry
sling included; the user can let the camera hang over his
shoulder blade when he's not shooting.

COMPUTERS

Al Systems CSA891081

Class: Computers
Availahility: Restricted
Cost: (A) $15,000; (B) $3,500; (C) 4,000+
Mass: (A) 100 g; (C) 2 kg
Dim: (A) 8 cm X 5 cm' X4 mm

(C) 100 cm x B cm X 2 cm

A. Al Board. An artificial intelligence requires some
very specialized hardware. The ‘Al board is a computer
card that allows a mainframe of Good or better quality to
support a true artificial intelligence. (The Al program is
sold separately; refer to Chapter 10 of the ALTeRNITY
Player’s Handbook.) When an Al is loaded onto a system,
all of the system’s available active memory slots are
filled—but the Al can freely use any programs in the com-

puter's storage memory just as a human character might
employ her own skills.

B. Al Emulator Program. Artificial intelligence is
extremely expensive, but the Al emulator is a good com-
promise. Its not a true Al, but a very sophisticated inter-
face that relies on a library of programmed responses to
simulate an independent personality and consciousness.
The Al emulator requires 4 slots of active memory, but it
provides a —1 step bonus to any other programs a hero
wants to run on the machine due to its user-friendly inter-
face and aggressive problem-solving features.

C. Memory Harness. Most Als are tied to their home
system; unlike a human character, an Al can't get up and
walk around to investigate situations in person. The
memary harness is a portable computer system equiva-
lent to a computer gauntlet of similar quality—a Good
memory harness, for instance, has the same number of
active memary slots and the same functions as a Good
computer gauntlet. In addition, the memory harness is
equipped with special fuzzy-logic banks to contain a
working echo of a larger artificial intelligence. Basic audio
and optic sensors, along with datastream-capable comm
gear, allow the Al to stay in touch with the wearer of the
harness.

An Al maintains its normal personality and functions
while downloaded into a memory harness, but it usually
operates at a penalty: +3 steps for a Marginal (¥4,000)
harness, +2 for an Ordinary (¥5,000) harness, +1 for a
Good (%6,000), and no penalty for an Amazing (¥8,000)
harness. (The Ability Scores for an Al are cut in half,
rounded up, when the Al is loaded into a memory har-
ness; see Chapter 10 of the ALTERNITY Player’s
Handbook)

BusiNEss SYsTEMs CSB390712

Class: Computers

Availability: Controlled

Cost: #1,500+ (see helow)

Mass: (A) 6 kg; (B) 500 g

Dim: (A) 40 cm X 30 cm X 15 cm
(B)20 cm X 15em X 5 cm

A. Mainframe. This powerful computer can handle
almost any business task, from high-end data manage-
ment and research applications to inventory or payroll
confrol. Many starships use a modified mainframe as a
computer core. The mainframe comes in both tower and
desktop designs, with an integrated high-definition vid-
screen that stows in the casing when not in use. Most
mainframes include a 3D drive, an indelible drive back-
up, and a datastream jack for connection to comm sys-
tems.

The cost and capacity of a mainframe varies with the
quality of the machine:

e
