oa
o

COMMUNICATIONS GEAR

\

C. Subdermal Communicator. Consisting of miniatur-
ized comm gear implanted near the user’s jawbone, the
subdermal communicator is made for stealthy or subtle
communication jobs. The wearer can toggle a hidden
microswitch to transmit simply by speaking aloud; he can
receive transmissions without a sound. The device has a
range of 10 km, and breaks down into easily ahsorbed
components after one month. Installing or remaving a sub-
dermal communicator requires a Medical Science-surgery
skill check.

MaAss TRANSCEIVER CMT844002

Class: Communications
Availability: Common

Cost: #4,000

Mass: 50 kg

Dim: 80 cm X 50 cm X 50 cm

The central feature of the mass transceiver is a gravi-
ty induction device that generates gravitational waves by
varying the mass of the main signal guide. Gravitational
waves appear to propagate faster than light, allowing true
instantaneous communication with no time lag for dis-
tance between transmitter and receiver. Although no one
has managed to build a mass transceiver powerful
enough to bridge the gap between the stars, mass trans-

-

ceivers are useful for passing information within a stel-
lar system.

The semiportable mass transceiver described here
requires a separate source of power—a portable fusion
generator or vehicular power plant is typical. Mass trans-
ceivers can only talk to other mass transceivers—a hero
can't pick up a mass signal on his personal radio. The
transceiver described here has an effective range of 10
AU, or about 1.5 billion km. Larger transceivers, such as
those found on starships or in major installations, have
ranges of 40 to 100 AU. Beyond this distance, the back-
ground gravitational signatures of a star system mask the
transceiver’s oscillations.

Smaller mass transceivers are available, but the tech-
nology is new and the devices tend to be very expensive—
see the next entry.

Pack, COMMUNICATIONS
CMP199802

Class: Communications

Availability: Common

Cost: (A) %1,500; (B) 15,000

Mass: (a) 20 kg; (B) 100 kg

Dim: (A) 35 cm X 20 cm X 75 cm;
B)15mXx2m X 1m

A. Laser Comm Pack. Lasers are an excellent medium
for communication. They're perfectly directional and offer
no possibility of hostile intercept, they have a high baud
rate for the transfer of information, and in the right medi-
um a laser can carry a signal for millions of kilometers.
The laser comm pack is built around a powerful signal
laser and sighting mechanism, with a general conversion
jack for vocal, video, or datastream transmission and
reception.

The laser's planetary range is line of sight, but in open
space it can reach up to 5 AU easily. However, it's impos-
sible to hit a target as small as a ship from this distance
without some kind of aiming point—for instance, a point in
a certain constellation, or a terrain feature on a moon. (A
System Operation—communications skill check is appro-
priate for checking a laser’s aim.) The pack’s lanth cells
allow up to 10 hours of continuous communication before
they must be recharged.

B. Mass Comm Pack. This is a miniature mass trans-
ceiver, powered by its own lanth cells. It has only a frac-
tion of the range of a transceiver unit (1 AU at best), but
can be transported from place to place if it is loaded onto
a cart or some other vehicle. The pack’s batteries can
power 1 hour of continuous communication before they
must be recharged. Like the transceiver, the mass comm
pack can only send signals to another mass communica-
tion device.
