e

PROFESSIONAL EQUIPMENT

Give a top-notch craftsman top-notch tools, and you can't
go wrong. You provide the know-how; we'll provide the
materials. These kits, supplies, and implements are every-
thing you'll need to get the job done and get it done right!

TyKo CARBIDE SHEARS

Made from the toughest cutting surface known, our car-
bide shears can sever tungsten bars up to 4 cm in diam-
eter with the built-in PowerAid™ piston.

High-tech bolt cutters, carbide shears have a cutting
surface 6 cm long mounted on 45 cm handles. The han-
dle structure includes a small hydraulic piston and accu-
mulator that can store extra energy for powered cuts.
Carhide shears automatically sever objects of Good or
Ordinary toughness, and allow the user to sever objects
of Amazing toughness with a successful Strength feat
check or Technical Science-repair skill check. They're
useless in combat, since the target would have to he
motionless for the shear-wielder to use it as a weapon.
Iterm 300322831, $100, 3 kg, Common

DEMOLITION GEAR

Nothing beats high explosive for rearranging the land-
scape to your taste. Our standard demolition pack costs
%750 and includes two Detonex charges, 50 meters of
detcord, four spike caps, two command detonators, and
two timers.

A. Casing, magnetic. A convenient tool for fixing
explosives to metallic surfaces, magnetic casings are
available in block and satchel sizes. After it is attached, it
clings to the appropriate surface with an effective
Strength of 16 (block size) or 18 (satchel size). Item
310105878a, ¥100, 0.3 kg, Controlled

B. Casing, serrated. Surrounding a charge with a cas-
ing designed to fragment is a good way to enhance its
antipersonnel capahilities. This reduces the firepower of
the blast by one category, but adds 2 points to the
charge’s damage ratings, and increases the respective
areas of effect by 50%. For instance, a satchel charge of
plastic explosive normally inflicts 3d4+2w in a 2-meter
radius, 2d4-+1w in a 4-meter radius, and d6-1w in an
B-meter radius. With a serrated casing, the firepower
drops to Ordinary, but the damage and range increase to
3d4+6w out to 3 meters, 2d4+3w to 6 meters, and
d6+1w out to 12 meters—a much deadlier weapon
against lightly armored targets. Item 310205455b, $50,
0.2 kg, Controlled

C. Charge, block. A block of explosive is designed to
damage a very specific target-blasting a hole in a wall,
opening a door, sabotaging a piece of machinery, etc.
Block explosives are about 25 cm X 12 cm X 5 cm and
weigh 1 kg each. Using multiple blocks at the same time

adds +1 point of damage and +0.3 meters to the radius
of effect per additional block, up to a maximum of 6 extra
blocks (after that, treat it like a satchel charge).

See the box on the next page for a description of avail-
ahle explosives. ltem 310900840c, price varies, 1 kg,
Controlled or Restricted

D. Charge, satchel. Satchel charges are meant to
accomplish large-scale demolition, knocking down major
structures. Each weighs 10 kg and is about 30 X 20 X
10 cm in size, Multiple charges don't increase the dam-
age inflicted, but may increase the area of effect if they’re
dispersed around the target. Each charge beyond the first
applies a +1 step penalty to the structure’s durability
check to avoid destruction. The available explosives are
described in the box on the next page. ltem 3108003704,
price varies, 10 kg, Controlled

E. Detcord. Also known as primercord, detcord is a
plastic explosive that comes in long rolls that are easily
molded to any surface. Detcord can be used as a “fuse,”
linking other explosive charges, or it can be used as the
main charge. Each meter of detcord inflicts d4-1 wound
points of Ordinary damage to an object it's in direct con-
tact with, up to a maximum of 6d4-6 wounds; additional
detcord doesn't improve the damage any more than that.
Detcord has no real area of effect. ltem 310700385e,
$25/meter, 1 kg/10 meters, Controlled

F. Detonator, fused. Any explosive charge needs a det-
onator of some kind-a device that delivers a priming
charge or electrical shock to cause the detonation of the
main charge. The fused detonator is a device set off by
specific conditions. Commonly used detonators include:

Contact: Anything that touches an attached pressure
plate causes the detonator to fire.

Electric Eye: The detonator fires when an electric eye
beam is broken by the passage of a person or object.

Inertial: The detonator fires when it (or the object it's
attached to) moves.

Magnetic: The detonator fires when a significant
amount of ferrous metal approaches within a distance of
10 meters.

-
=
=
=
™
(¥
=
=
=
==
==
™

—
=
_—

=-
™
=
=

