TRANSVERGE NEWS PRIME REPORT

TRANSVERGE NEws PRIME REPORT
Tuespay, August 15, 2501

VoipCorpP HoLDS SESHEYANS
BLUEFALL, AEGIS-Today VoidCorp denied ap-
peals from eighteen sesheyans seeking an inter-
stellar tribunal from the Galactic Concord. It is the
third such appeal that VoidCorp has rejected in the
last ten weeks. The denial drew protests from the
Hegency of Bluefall and the Galactic Concord.

The sesheyans involved in this particular dispute
were arrested on Bluefall three months ago by
VoidCorp law enforcement agents who claimed to
have been tracking the group of eighteen as they
followed a convoluted trail from the Corrivale sys-
tem to the Aegis system. ‘Our corporation refuses
to allow dangerous criminal Employees of
VoidCorp to roam the stars and jeapardize the lives
of innocents. These are wanted sentients,” said
spokesperson VY482 501BUL.

The sesheyans maintain their claim that the
moon of Grith in the Corrivale system is their
ancestral home, they are not native to the planet
Sheya (which is under VoidCorp rule), and thus
they have the right to travel throughout the known

Click SESHEYANS for more

STARMECH SURVEY TEAM
FiNDs WRECK
AJIADR-Three weeks ago, in a distant, unremark-
able system between HKendai and Tendril, a
StarMech team of explorers discovered the rem-
nants of a massive military ship. Yesterday, before
a crowd of scientific investigators and historians,
they announced their find and claimed the wreck-

age for the Collective.

The origin of the vessel remains unknown. “The
floating debris was barely recognizable,” said team
leader Olivar Todan. “Only because of the malecu-
lar composition of the ship deck plates could we
distinguish it from the natural space debris and
comets in the system” The wreckage is thought to
be one of the many starships destroyed during the
far-ranging conflicts of the Second Galactic War,
but until further analysis is done, no one will be
able to identify it

According to one hypothesis, that of Professor
Jistri Toriso of the College of Verant-Benn, the ship
may be the last of StarMech’s so-called Warhulks,
a type of vessel that disappeared from all military

Click WRECK for more

AUTAR MERCHANTS
OUTRAGED
ALITAR, ALGEMHON-In a move that had been
anticipated for days, the Concord Trade Com-
mission today blocked transmission to Alitar of the
most recent edition of Merrick’s Personal Security
Heport. The CTC is acting under orders from the
Concord Administrators to cease all arms traffic
into the Algemron star system.

The action drew protest from both governments
in the Algemron system, as well as from numer-
ous merchants. “The unfortunate decision of the
Concord does more than increase the likelihood of
smuggling into the Algemron system,” said General
Wilken Murrad, commander of the 22nd Powered
Infantry division on Alitar. “Its a violation of the
same free expression that the Concord claims that
it stands for. This issue is far from being settled”

While not a weapons catalog per se, the analy-
sis of weapons and military hardware published
by Colonel Merrick does include contact informa-
tion for manufacturers—manufacturers that natu-
rally contribute to Merrick's advertising revenues

Click EMBARGD for more

MARINE PLATOON

DECLARED LosT
SPES, HAMMER'S STAR-After two weeks of
search for a missing recon platoon, Concord
Marine autharities offically called off the search,
labeling the soldiers as missing in action. The
recon platoon, a part of the 2nd battalion, 1st reg-
iment, 145th division, was assigned to patrol a
underpopulated region of the Mabillon continent on
Spes. Contact with the platoon was lost unexpect-
edly while the Marines were on a routine recon-
naissance mission.

In accordance with standard military procedures,
patrols in the region will be stepped up for at least
the next several weeks. Marines who were inter-
viewed responded, on condition of anonymity, that
morale in Alcazar and other encampments has
reached an all-time low as a result of this and sim-
ilar recent occurrences.

The disappearance of the recon platoon repre-
sents the second such event in the past seventeen

Click LOST for more
