(5]
o

(e
=
—
==
a2
>
o
=
=
==
(=
=
[
=3
—
=
=
=]
]
=

p
>

SuraGicaL KiT

Disaster can strike anywhere. You might not always have
the hixury of a full medical facility to operate on injured
people. With our surgical kit, you've got all the tools you
need to help people anywhere.

The surgical kit contains laser scalpels, a vital-signs
monitoring system, an anesthesia bottle and control sys-
tem, antiseptics, portable lighting, and an assortment of
other high-tech instruments, providing a surgeon with all
the tools he needs to practice his art. The doctor still
needs a quiet place where he can work on the patient—
the cleaner, the better, although the antiseptic sprays
included in the kit can keep the instruments and patient
free of infectious microorganisms if used with care. The
entire kit stows into a tough plastic case the size of a stan-
dard backpack.

The surgical kit is considered a Marginal medical facil-
ity if used in the field (no modifier to Medical Science-
surgery skill checks), or an Ordinary facility (-1 step
bonus to surgery skill checks) if the doctor can find a
sheltered building or vehicle with power and water.
Performing an operation with the kit expends supplies
worth #250, which must be replaced before the kit can be
used again. Item 240855838, #1,250, 12 kg, Controlled

TRAUMA Pack |

Why leave anything to chance? The trauma pack is a
medic in a box, capable of handling the most serious
combat injuries. Best yet, its “fire and forget” technology
allows a soldier to apply one to a wounded comrade and
get back to the fight, confident that his buddy’s going to
make it.

The trauma pack is armed with microinjectors and tiny
stores of various medical supplies. It provides a -2 step
bonus to the user’s Bnowledge—first aid skill check, or a
—3 step bonus to Medical Science-treatment skill checks.
Better yet, the onboard computer's assist program allows
characters untrained in first aid to check as if they had a
skill of first aid 3. Finally, if the trauma pack is positioned
over the site of the injury and set to automatic mode, it
can use Medical Science-treatment on fallen heroes with
an effective skill score of 12. Trauma packs can be used
in the following modes:

® Heal stun damage: A single skill check restores
2/3/4 stun points to the victim, depending on the medic’s
SUCCESS.

* Recover consciousness: A single skill check awak-
ens an unconscious victim and restores 2/3/4 stun
points. If the victim was knocked out through loss of all
his wound points, he regains 1 wound point.

® Heal wound damage: With two consecutive suc-
cessful skill checks, the trauma pack heals 4 wound
points of damage.

Bl

® Staunch mortal damage: With a successful skill
check, a mortally injured character is stabilized and need
not make Stamina-endurance checks related to mortal
damage for the duration of the scene.

The trauma pack measures 20 cm X 10 cm X 2 cm.
It contains supplies for six applications, after which it
must be refilled at a cost of #100. Item 210555765,
%200, 1 kg, Common

TrRAUMA Pack I

What's the use of carrying a trauma pack if you're too
badly hurt to apply it? The advanced model of this life-
saver is a feature of body tank armor and is also avail-
able as a cybernetic attachment.

The trauma pack Il continuously monitors the wearer's
vital signs and responds instantly to a variety of injuries.

* Knockout: When the wearer loses all his stun points,
the pack injects him with stimulants and painkillers to
immediately return half his full normal allotment of stun
points (round up). The victim has a +2 step penalty to all
actions in the following round due to grogginess.

® Heal wounds: When the wearer loses more than
half his wound points, the pack’s automedic features
immediately restore d4+2 lost wound points.

® Mortal damage: The trauma pack automatically
staunches any mortal damage, negating the need for
Stamina-endurance checks. However, the subject suffers
a +3 step penalty to all actions until the end of the scene,
and then suffers the normal penalty based on the amount
of mortal damage he's received.

Each trauma pack contains materials and supplies for
two uses of each function. A single character can't wear
more than one trauma pack at a time, but he could carry
additional packs and plug them in when the active pack
has run out of supplies. It takes about five minutes to
change trauma packs. ltem 255900344, %400, 2 kg,
Controlled

WALKER, MEDICAL

‘Wheelchairs are awkward and uncomfortable, even with
modern gravity induction technology. Our medical walker
allows a patient full mobility while recovering from the
most serious injuries, and can even be concealed beneath
most normal clothes. Don't let a serious accident change
your lifestyle!

The medical walker consists of a pair of powered leg
braces and lower back support unit. It provides a con-
scious wearer with the ability to walk at up to 6 meters
per phase, regardless of his physical condition. Even
characters temporarily paralyzed by spinal injuries can
walk with the aid of a medical walker. Not recommended
for patients whose legs should be immobilized due to
fractures. Iterm 285290662, ¥1,500, 10 kg, Common
