mine affected ability) Item 250996844i, $250/dose,
Bestricted

J. Sedative. Used to control dangerously violent people
or animals, sedative can be applied by injection, aerosol
spray, or pill. The recipient of a dose of sedative suffers a
+4 step penalty to all actions, and must succeed on a Will
feat check to force himself into energetic, violent, or
demanding tasks. The victim may attempt a Constitution
feat check to reduce the effect-on an Ordinary success,
the penalty is reduced to +3; Good, +2; and Amazing,
+1. A dose of sedative lasts for d4+1 hours before it
begins to fade, losing 1 step of effectiveness per hour.
Item 250306884;, ¥25/dose, Controlled

K. Stimulant. This shot counters fatigue and stun dam-
age. When a character receives a dose, he makes a
Constitution feat check with the following results (heroes
with weak Canstitutions are more likely to be affected by
drugs, so the better the success, the less effect the stimu-
lant has): Failure: 12 points; Ordinary: 9 points; Good: 6
points; Amazing: 3 points. This damage is removed first
from fatigue damage, and any ‘leftover” effect is then
applied to any stun damage the recipient possesses. After
2d4 hours the stimulant wears off. The subject sustains
half the fatigue damage previously alleviated by the injec-
tion. (Note that the stimulants available at PL 7 are more
powerful and less dangerous than the stimulants
described in the AuterNiTY Player’s Handbook)

Using a stimulant more than once per 24 hours is dan-
gerous. If a character does so, he suffers a +1 step penal-
ty to all mental abilities and skill checks, and suffers d6-3
wound points of damage. ltem 250733004k, $25/dose,
Common

L. Tranquilizer. When you need to knock someone or
something out altogether, a tranquilizer is the tool for the
job. The subiject is allowed a Constitution feat check at a
+2 step penalty to resist its effects: On a Failure, he's
knocked out; Ordinary, he sustains d6+1 points of fatigue
damage; Good, d4 points of fatigue damage; Amazing,
d4-1 fatigue points. The effects last for d6 hours. Item
2503880371, #40/dose, Controlled

STRETCHER, ALL=TERRAIN

Rough terrain can make even minor injuries serious by
making it impossible to get the victim to help. Our pow-
ered all-terrain stretcher can save time—and lives—in the
baddest badlands.

One of the best pieces of rescue gear around, the AT
stretcher consists of a taut nylon web between two tele-
scoping sponsons, married at the midpoint by a power
module containing a small grav inducer. The whale thing
stows as a pack 40 cm tall, 30 cm wide, and 10 cm thick
for easy transport to the injured person’s site.

When unfolded and activated, the stretcher levitates
about a meter from the ground, supporting up to 250 kg

of mass. A handheld control unit is connected to the
power module by a 50-meter cable, allowing one person
to easily direct the motion of the stretcher. The operator
can even direct the stretcher to ascend or descend cliff-
sides, cross chasms, etc.,, while remaining perfectly level
and still. Naturally, safety straps are included to secure
the patient. The lanthanide cells in the stretcher provide
up to 24 hours of continuous operation at maximum
capacity. Item 275833206, $500, 10 kg, Common

TIMEOUT STASIS STRETCHER

When a medical emergency is completely beyond your
ahility to cope with it, the stasis stretcher provides a life-
saving timeout. Simply activate the Qwik-Freeze™ stasis
bag and put the patient on ice until you can get him to
someone who knows what he's doing!

‘TimeOut Stasis Streicher

The stasis stretcher has the induction motor and contral
features of the all-terrain stretcher, but it includes one
additional feature: an emergency freeze system designed
to suspend the victim's animation in a matter of moments.
A soft plastic cover is built into the stretcher sponson and
can be deployed to quickly seal the patient inside. This
bag is then filled with cryogenic suspension gases, freez-
ing the subject in his current condition. Unlike the AT
stretcher, the stasis stretcher doesn't fold up into a pack—
it's 2 meters long, 60 cm wide, and about 30 cm thick
when the bag is deployed.

Awakening a suspended patient requires a Medical
Science~treatment skill check in any modern medical
facility of Good or better quality. Of course, he'll be in the
same condition he was when he was frozen. ltem
275137658, $2,500, 15 kg, Contralled

=
mm
=1
=
=
=
[—x]
m
==l
===
==
=
=]
)
=
=
-
-
rm
o

