[}
[=%

SOLAR X SHIPYARDS

filament that you can use in all kinds of conditions—heavy
rain, gusting winds, even underwater! At 600° C, the
HotSpot doesn't take long at all to start even the greenest
wood burning,

TrRAILTECH K90
CARBON LAaMP
Availability: Common
Cost: #75
Mass: 1 kg
Stock No.: 160TE0832

Everyone likes to see the stars at night when you're out
in the wilderness, but before you settle in for an evening
of stargazing you want to be able to see enough to fix
your dinner and wash your dishes. The K90 carbon lamp
is one of the best outdoor lanterns around. At high power
you'll marvel at a dome of bright light nearly 80 meters
in diameter . . . or, if you prefer less intense illumination,
use the dimmer switch to cut the K90 back to a soft glow.
The carbon lamp relies on two Headyever lanthanide
cells with an endurance of 48 hours at high setting, or
240 hours at low. It's completely watertight and can oper-
ate at full efficiency in any environment. Additional lanth
cells cost #5 apiece, or the lamp can be recharged for a
nominal fee at any commercial power outlet.

TRAILTECH ROCKBITER
ADHESIVE PITONS

Availahility: Comman
Cost: $10

Mass: 0.1 kg

Stock No.: 190TE3284

Hammering pitons into rock is one of the most tiring and
dangerous tasks a climber faces. At best, your arms are
going to get bone tired and you're going to be up there all
day; at worst, you'll shatter the spot you're trying to
secure, or plant a piton that looks solid but won't hold
when you need it most. The Hockbiter is the answer
you've been looking for!

Manufactured from the finest magnesium alloy, these
light, strong pitons are equipped with a spring-loaded
adhesive sac at the business end. Just set it against the
rock and push. Presto! Your piton's glued to the rock face,
capable of supporting up to 700 kg of dead weight with-
out breaking free—and even then, the Rockbiter holds
while tearing out a divot of stone!

Adhesive pitons count as climbing equipment of
Ordinary quality, and offer a -1 step bonus to any recov-
ery checks the climber must make after a miscue in his
climb. To be fully effective, pitons should be spaced no
more than 5 meters apart.

TRAILLTECH BuGcZar
SoNic BARRIER
Availability: Cornmon
Cost; #85
Mass: 1 kg
Stock No.: 105TEB839

Mosquitoes, gnats, horseflies, ants—who wants to share a
camping site with ‘em? You sure don't! Fortunately, these
pests are sensitive to ultrasonic vibrations that you can't
even feel. Our sonic barrier creates a bug-free zone up to
20 meters in radius that most insects (and many other
kinds of vermin) just can't tolerate! You'll be as safe and
comfortable as you would be inside your own house. All
you need to do is set the barrier module in the center of
your campsite and flip the switch. The BugZap's battery
lasts for up to 24 hours of continuous use.

SoLAR X SHIPYARDS

Stand out in the dark countryside of any human-settled
planet and gaze up at the stars on a clear night. If you
look long enough, you'll probably catch a glint of sunlight
from a ship in high orbit, heading out to distant stars and
alien suns. And in that moment, you'll feel a longing, a
wanderlust, as old and strong as the stars themselves.
That's the human nature—to gaze at the edge of the
unknown and wonder what lies beyond.

At Solar X, we feel that it's our duty and privilege to
place the key to the stars in your hands. Humankind has
grown a lot in the last couple of centuries. Where once we
looked no farther than Earth's horizons, now each and
every one of us is bound together in a galactic communi-
ty made of a thousand different worlds. Whether you're a
‘hbusinessman, merchant, or entrepreneur, there's only one
place for you to be today—out in the infinite beyond that
links us all, an endless ocean of commerce and discovery
beyond the sky. And Solar X Shipyards can take you
there.

HERMES-cLASS COURIER

Compartments: 4 Dur: 16
Maneuver rating: ~1 Acc: 3 Mpp
Cruising speed: 2 AU/hr Berthing: 14

Armament:: Plasma cannon
Hange 4/8/16 Mm d6+2w/dB+2w/d6+1m En/A

Defenses: Chaff dispenser, jammer

Armor: Light cerametal (0 dur)
d6-1 (LI), d6-1 (HI), d6-1 (En)

Computer: Ordinary computer core, Ordinary navigation
dedicated computer

Engines: Induction engine

Power: Mass reactor rated at 25 power factars

Drive: None
