ACCESSORIES

Our catch-all listing for all kinds of accessories to go with
your casual, business, or formal attire.

A. TrailTech™ Backpack. Our state-of-the-art hiker's
pack is light, strong, and easy to wear. The voluminous
main compartment can stow up to .125 cubic meters
(100 x 50 x 25 cm) of supplies, gear, and materials;
two smaller pockets stow up to .002 cubic meters (10 X
10 X 20 cm) each. Frame extensions and attachment
points let you stow items too big for the main compart-
ment across the top or bottom of the pack; the harness
and frame can tolerate loads as heavy as 60 kg. When
you don't need that much capacity, you can down-tele-
scope the frame and fold the pack to reduce it to a typi-
cal biker or book pack. Item 090345991a, $100, 1 kg

B. Belt. Handy for keeping your trousers where they
belong. Available in a bewildering variety of styles. A hid-
den maoney pouch or knife sheath can be included for an
extra #50. ltem 090103133h, $20.

C. Briefcase. Most people store their work in data
slates and microcomps these days, but the briefcase
remains as one of the minor trappings of autharity, an
emblem of business acumen. The standard briefcase
includes a biolock (see page 29) to limit access. A brief-
case can hold items weighing up to 20 kg (and 40 X 25
X 10 cm in size). ltem 090830045c, %60, 1 kg

D. Glasses. While the majority of people with minor
vision problems choose to have them treated through sur-
gical correction, glasses are still worn by the poor or the
fashion-conscious. Glasses negate penalties that would
otherwise apply from nearsightedness, farsightedness,
and other visual impairments. Sunglasses are also quite
popular, eliminating one step of penalties due to bright
conditions. ltem 0042891034, ¥50

E. Gloves. Gloves have two main uses: as fashionable
accessories for formal outfits, or as protection for the
hands in cold weather. Optionally, gloves might have
spikes, broken glass, or similar intimidating components,
adding +1 to any damage inflicted in unarmed combat.
Item 03518219%e, ¥25

F. Hat. Woolen caps for winter wear? Pith helmets for

Briefcase Weapon System

tropical environments? Stylish berets for that retroresis-
tance look? Ball caps with your favorite team or corpo-
rate logo, or even a classic ten-gallon hat-we've got ‘em!
If you prefer something truly exotic (a real Stetson or
fashion design), the cost is ¥100. Item 0901043971, $10

G. Jewelry. Earrings, necklaces, bracelets, tiaras, pen-
dants, rings, and other designs are all available. Our most
popular models feature silver, 16 or 18k gold, and semi-
precious stones, and cost about ¥200 to $2,000 per piece
or set. Imitation jewelry made from synthetic stones or
gold plate runs $20 to $100 per piece. At the other end
of the spectrum, truly valuable pieces are made from 24k

SPECIAL TRICKS AND TRAPS

A briefcase, purse, or notebook may seem an affecta-
tion in the day of the personal microcomputer, but here
are a few nifty devices to make your briefcase an unri-
valed business asset:

Armor: We'll add a lining of cerametal armor to
make your briefcase bulletproof. Open it up and hit the
catch to deploy instant hard cover (+1 increase to
hero’s resistance modifier vs. ranged weapon fire).
Code AR, 2x cost

Comm System: Need to stay in touch? We'll add
standard comm gear with an encryption device and an
orbital uplink. Code CM, 4X cost

Destruction Device: Never worry about your vital
materials falling into the wrong hands again. The
charge can be set to go off when an unauthorized user
attempts to open the biolock, after a certain time delay,
or when the device is opened and/or closed a certain
number of times. The explosive is treated as a plasma
grenade (see page xx), and destroys anything that hap-
pens ta be in the case. Code AD, 5X cost

Sensor System: Add a hidden sensor unit that can
be controlled by remote radio signals. Just “forget”
your hriefease in your rival's conference room, and
tune in to the latest developments! Includes video
through a hidden button lens (10-meter range), and
audio through internal microphones (30-meter range).
You can use the control panel to set up timed record-
ing, voice- or motion-activated recording, timed remote
feed through the onboard transmitter, or voice-activat-
ed remote feed through the transmitter. Other sensors
(thermal imagers, etc.) can be installed at the normal
cost of those systems. Code ES, 10X cost

Weapon System: This isn't a briefcase at all, but a
cleverly camouflaged weapon. HKick-out panels clear
the trigger, barrel, and stock for instant use. Any SMG,
rifle, or heavy weapon of 5 kg or less mass can be
built into a case. The weapon suffers a +1 step penal-
ty to its accuracy due to the awkward construction.
Code WS, 3% weapon cost

Hidden Compartment: All you want is a little extra
privacy? Our secret compartments are scanproof and
foolproof! Code HH, 2X cost

™

=
[
=
™
[
o
=
=
m
o
=x
-
=
(o)
=
=
—
==
=
=]

