Communicatios Gear (handheld, headset]

for constant or intermittent emission, or the beacon can be
set to transponder mode, only pinging in response to a
preselected interrogatory signal. Automated beacons are
useful for Navigation or Vehicle Operation skill checks in
difficult conditions—an active beacon reduces any penal-
ties for poor conditions by 2 steps. The range of an auto-
mated beacon is 500 km in a planetary environment, or
50,000 km in space. lts power cells allow 1 year of nor-
mal operation.

B. Emergency Beacon. The spacefarer's S0S signal,
an emergency beacon is standard equipment on most
spacecraft and life pods. When set up and activated, the
beacon periodically emits powerful radio signals to mark
the user’s location for any passing vehicles. The beacon's
signal can be detected from 5,000 km away on a plane-
tary surface, or from as far as 5 AU (750 million km) in
open space. The emergency beacon lasts for 5 years
before its cells run out of power.

C. Marker Beacon. A much smaller beacon used to
mark very specific locations, the marker is usually used for
precise surveys or locations—archeological sites, camps or
caches, and so forth. Bantam rockets and heavier ordnance
can be set to guide on the marker's signal, providing a -3
step bonus to the attacker’s skill check when he fires at the
beacon. Marker beacons have magnetic clamps for easy
attachment to a variety of surfaces. The beacon has a range
of 250 km and a duration of 1 month.

CoMMUNICATOR CMC290371

Class: Communications

Availahility: Any

Cost: #100 (A), $175 (B), #300 (C)

Mass: 100 g (A), 100g (B); S g (C)

Dim: Handset: 15 cm X Bem X 1 cm;
Card: Bcm X 5cm X 3 mm

A Cellular Communicator. Basically a handheld radio
that directs its transmissions to the nearest convenient
relay, the cellcomm is popular on developed planets with
global relay coverage. It can reach relay towers up to
1,000 km distant; once the communicator’s got a relay,
the user can reach any point on a planet or in a system
through commercial comm circuits. The unit is available
incard or handset models. Its batteries must be recharged
once a week.

B. Multiband Comm Gear. This is a frequency-agile
handheld radio available as a card, handset, or headset.
Unlike the cellcomm, comm gear doesn't patch into a
lacal circuit-it's an independent communication system.
Since it can transmit and receive on a variety of frequen-
cies, comm gear is more versatile and resistant to inter-
ference or jamming than a cellcomm. The transmitter has
& surface range of 1,000 km, or a line-of-sight range of
10,000 km.

R

H§39 SNOLLBIINNWWOI

