i

TERRR X CAMPING ACCESSORIES

NuTrRIMix RATION BARS
Availability: Any
Cost: #5
Mass: 0.25 kg
Stock No.: 300RN4546

Let's face it-hauling rations and water for a long overland
expedition is no fun at all. Provisions are heavy, easily
contamninated, and—worse yet-most taste like wet card-
board. But despair no longer—our NutriMix bars are the
answer you've been looking for!

Each bar contains enough carbohydrates, protein, vita-
min supplements, and water content to keep a 100-kilo
man on his feet for a full day. And they're delicious, too!
Specify your choice of flavor: Meaty Loaf, Beany-Rito,
Tangy Bar-B-0, or Wild Berry. SPECIAL WARNING: In
extremely hot climates, we recommend supplementing
the NutriMix bar with 1 to 5 liters of pure water per day
to avoid dehydration.

BoLTHoLE CD SLEEPING BAG
Availahility: Any
Cost: $225
Mass: 0.5 kg
Stack No.: 360050983

Anyone who's ever spent a night out in the wild can tell
you that a top-notch sleeping bag is worth its weight in
gold. The Bolthole CD has a built-in air mattress inflated
by a handy foot-pedal pump and 100% TrailTech climate
weave for sleeping comfort in temperatures ranging from
—40° to 60° C (-40° to 140° F). Available in a variety of
camouflage patterns, the Bolthole seals in your scent and
thermal signature, virtually guaranteeing a night free of
insects, carnivores, and other unpleasant local flora (+2
step penalty to any Investigate—track or Awareness—per-
ception skill checks devoted to locating a character
encased in the Bolthole).

ARBOREAL SLEEPING PLATFORM
Availability: Common
Cost: $2,375
Mass: 20 kg
Stack No.: 380PC2004

Do you need to be certain that nothing on the ground is
going to interrupt your rest? That ground water, hillsides,
and hungry predators won't bother you in the least? Give
the ArboReal a try! Made from ultralightweight folding
polymere plates, the sleeping platform unfolds from a
backpack-sized unit to a flat, stable surface 3 meters in
diameter. Beneath the platform is a powerful induction
motor capable of lifing up to 1,000 kg to any altitude

desired at the rate of 10 meters per minute. Roost in the
upper branches of the rain forest, anchor yourself safely
to a sheer mountainside, or even ride out the night a kilo-
meter in the sky!

The platform’s lanth cells provide a total of 10,000 kilo-
gram-hours of operation, so a load of 200 kg (two nor-
mal-sized humans with a good array of supplies and
gear) could use the platform for 10 hours a day over the
course of 5 days before exhausting the charge. The plat-
form's cell power indicators provide plenty of warning
before the platform gracefully sinks to the ground again.

Naturally, the platform includes a short safety rail, as
well as a safety web to keep sleepers on the platform.
Secured in the foliage of a tree or alongside a cliff, the
ArhoBeal is very stable and provides decent cover
against weather. In the open air, the ArboBeal is uncom-
fortably wobbly in windy conditions and offers no protec-
tion against rain, lightning, and similar hazards.

ARMADILLO MPT Two-MAN TENT
Availability: Any

Cost: $135

Mass: 1 kg

Stock No.: 3305H1003

Easy setup, easy strike-down, light weight, and easy
stowage—what more could you want from a two-man
tent? No more hassling with support poles; a single
numaplas support matrix inflates with a handy foot-pedal,
providing a structure lighter and stronger than aluminum.
Let out the air, and the Armadillo collapses down to a soft
carry-bag about 20 cm on a side in a matter of moments.
Its 100% water-repellent smart fabric breathes in hot
weather and insulates in cold temperatures, Six spring-
Ioaded self-driving tent pegs are included for securing the
Armadillo to uneven ground or in windy conditions.

WaTeRCADDY 100
Availability: Common
Cost: $275
Mass: 3.5 kg
Stock No.: 370CW5856

What's the heaviest thing you'll carry on an overland hike
in the back country? Water, of course! Our WaterCaddy
eliminates the need for you to carry 10 or 20 kg of water
by providing you with the ability to purify or condense
your own water from the local environment. The
WaterCaddy sets up in just moments, and purifies up to 1
liter of contaminated or brackish water per minute—just
pour into the top grill and catch delicious drinking water
at the bottom spigot!

If standing water on the surface isn't available, twist

