tor cartridges cost $25 each, and additional power cells
cost $50 each.

GiLL A4 RESPIRATOR MAsK
Availability: Any
Cost: $60
Mass: 0.5 kg
Action Penalty: 0
Environmental Tolerance:
Gravity: n/a
Radiation: n/a
Atmosphere: A2-A%
Pressure: P1-P3
Heat: n/a
Stock No.: S00MRS004

Who wants to dress out for vacuum unless it's absolutely
necessary? If you work in an environment that checks out
in every category except the atmosphere, try out the A4
respirator mask. Its microengineered membrane filter
screens out everything except nitrogen-oxygen, rendering
toxic and mildly corrosive atmospheres safe (provided
there's at least some free oxygen available, of course). Its
even useful for protection against tear gas and other
gaseous agents that work on the respiratory system.

The Gill A4 uses your own inhalation and exhalation to
key a pressure inducer/reducer mechanism, helping you
breathe comfortably in unusually thick or thin atmos-
pheres. Its completely self-powered and self-contained,
so there are no power cells to keep track of and no filter
cartridges to fumnble with or lose. Supplies are limited, so
make sure you get yours today!

VAcMASTER 77 Vacuum MAask
Availability: Any
Cost: #125
Mass: 1 kg
Action Penalty: 0
Environmental Tolerance:
Gravity: n/a
Radiation: n/a
Atmosphere: AD-A3
Pressure: PO-P3
Heat: n/a
Stock No.: 500MV8564

In space, you're never mare than 30 seconds away from
one of the most grisly and agonizing deaths imaginable—
exposure to vacuum. Stack the odds in your favor with
the VacMaster 77 vacuum mask. From its compact
stowage container on the belt, thigh, or hip, the VacMaster
can be donned in a mere 3.23 seconds by the average
person. Go ahead, try it out-we have!

The VacMaster has two main components: a hood of
soft, transparent polymere, and a respirator cartridge.
The hood is loose and easy to pull on, and once in place,
transparent numaplas channels inflate to form a firm seal
around the neck and add rigidity to the helmet. The res-
piratar cartridge is a miniature version of the oxygena-
tors/rebreathers found on full e-suits, connected by two
circulation tubes to the mask itself. Pull the pin, and
you've got 4 hours of air in the blink of an eye!

NOTE: The VacMaster provides pratection to the head
and respiratory system only. You may experience irradi-
ation, vacuum-induced blood vessel damage and bruis-
ing, burns, or lethal heat loss without a full-body protec-
tive garment. The VacMaster is an emergency device
only.

53131634 X HH705

SoLAR X VEHICLES

Every planet has an outhack—the wide-open spaces, the
tough terrain, the rugged patches. The places no one but
the most determined hikers, bikers, and fliers discover,
the places that everyone else doesn't want to be. And
that's where you belong. After all, the only way you'l e
ever get to know a world—to really find out what its all : b
ahout—is to get down onta its surface, get off the beaten
path, and get lost in its outhack.
We can help you do that.
Our line of off-road vehicles can get you anywhere you
need to go. Mountains, swamps, forests, jungles . . . it's all
the same to Solar X. With the right vehicle, you can cover
ground that no one’s ever seen, go places that no one’s
ever gone, do things no one's ever done.
And at Solar X, that's what it's all about.

SoLarR X GRIZZLY
ATV GROUNDCAR

Availability: Common

Cost: $55,595

Mass: 2,650 kg

Performance Characteristics:
Drive: -1
Acceleration: 40 meters/phase/phase
Cruising Speed: 120 kph (60 kph rough)
Maximum Speed: 240 kph (100 kph rough)
Type: Good
Durability: 14/14/7

Stock No.: 910VT0297

You want power? The Grizzly’s got it! This heavy-duty
ground-pounder can take anything you throw at it
Powered by a Thomsen 60 fail-safe fusion plant, the
Grizzly has enough endurance to circle a planet on 4
liters of water. Each of the vehicle's six wheels is inde-
pendently powered by its own lanthanide-coil motor, giv-

