SURVEILLANCE GEAR
SEC990765

Class: Sensors

Availahility: Military

Cost: (A, D, E, F) ¥250; (B, C) ¥600

Mass: (A E, F) 20 g; (B, D) 100 g; (C) 500 g

Dim: (A, E,F) Smm X 5mm X 2 mm
(B,D)Sem X 3cm X 2 cm

A Bug. This is a tiny, easily concealed audio pickup.
Bugs must be attached to either transmitters or recorders
in order to convey the information they receive. Typically,
the bug is directly connected to a transmitter, or feeds to
a hidden recorder by means of a wire lead. Bugs can pick
up normal conversation at a range of 20 meters in rooms
with typical background noise.

B. Microcam. This unit is a tiny vidcam that can cap-
ture both audio and visual feed. Like the bug, the micro-
cam must feed to either a transmitter or a recorder in
order for its information to be recovered. Microcams can
also film through tiny fiber-optic tubes dozens of meters
long, allowing the user to reduce the camera’s “footprint”
in the surveillance area to the end of a wire.

C. Laser Microphone. This mike measures the micro-
scopic displacement of a window pane caused by con-
versation in the room beyond, picking up anything spo-
ken inside. The laser mike has a range of 250 meters,
and can even record conversation across an intervening
stretch of vacuum.

D. Recorder. This tiny device records the feed of a bug
or a microcam onto @ miniature 30 crystal for later
recovery and play. Since recorders don't actively trans-
mit, they're less likely to be found in antibug sweeps, but
the user has to figure out a means to get to the informa-
tion.

E. Transmitter. The other option for a bug or a micro-
cam is to simply relay its findings by low-powered radio
transmissions on a continual basis. The transmitter is eas-
ier to use, but security devices are more likely to pick up
its signals than a recorder’s operation. The transmitter
has an effective range of 200 meters.

F. Trace. The tracer device is a tiny radio transmitter
that emits a homing signal. Concealed on a vehicle, in
luggage, or even on a target’s clothes, it can be detected
by a signal tracker (see the next item) at ranges of up to
30 km. Traces can be set to begin transmitting immedi-
ately, after a certain time delay, or when a specific inter-
rogatory signal is received.

Tracker STR344070

Class: Sensors
Availability: Controlled
Cost: (A) ¥250; (B) #325

Mass: 700 g
Dim: 18 cm X 6 cm X 4 cm

A Signal Tracker. A trace is useless without a spe-
cialized signal tracker to home in on its transmission. The
tracker is @ sensitive radio receiver with two separate
antenna elements; by comparing the signal between the
two receptors, it can determine the direction and approx-
imate strength of the selected signal. The signal tracker
provides a -3 step bonus to the user's Investigate—track
skill checks to follow an active trace, or (optionally)
allows the user to track with his System Operation-sen-
sors skill at a -1 step bonus. The signal tracker can also
be coupled to an EM detector to determine the precise ori-
gin of an unknown signal.

B. Sonic Tracker. The scout’s best friend, the sonic
tracker detects motion in the immediate vicinity by mea-
suring subtle variations in air pressure. The tracker
negates any Awareness check penalties caused by poor
visihility, dense ground cover, or cluttered terrain, making
it more difficult to surprise the user. In addition, in open
terrain, the tracker provides a -2 step bonus to the user’s
Awareness checks. It is more effective against large, fast-
moving targets than small or stationary ones; apply a -1
step bonus to the user's skill checks for large or fast crea-
tures, and a +1 step penalty for small or slow ones.

Vibcam SRDI100661

Class: Sensors

Availability: Common

Cost: (A) ¥1,650; (B) $800; (C) $350

Mass: (A) 1 kg; (B) 200 g; (C) 1 kg

Dim: (A, C) 25cm X 6 cm X 4 cm
(B) 12 cm X 4 cm X 3 cm

A Dual Holocam. One of the initial stumbling blocks in
public acceptance of holophotography was the require-
ment for two separate holorecorders to capture a single
scene. The dual holocam changes that. This recorder fea-
tures a light, boom-mounted repeater lens that, at maxi-
mum extension, sits 1.7 meters from the camera proper.
One camera operator working with a dual holocam can
focus on objects up to 25 meters distant and record in
holographic mode. Objects more than 25 meters distant
are too far for the dual holocam’s 1.7 meter baseline, and
the operator must detach the repeater lens and position it
by hand in order to capture holographic images. The dual
holocam’s extension boom folds into a compact fairing
with the rest of the camera, taking up no more space than
a standard shoulder-mounted vidcam.

B. Minicam. The smallest commercially available
video recorder, the minicam can be mounted to a helmet,
a bell, or held in the palm. Like the other vidcams
described here, it records to a standard 3D crystal.

3

]
m
=
I ¥xd
—]
==}
o

