AvAILABILITY CODES

Unless otherwise noted, all items in this book are con-
sidered to have an availability of "Any’ No special
restrictions, licenses, or paperwork are involved in
purchasing them. However, a number of items are
more difficult to acquire, and are accompanied by var-
ious availability codes:

Commaon: Easily available, although some kind of
easy-to-get license or registration may be required. A
car and a house are good examples, since the buyer
‘must fill out forms that are kept on record by local gov-
ernments.

Controlled: Available only to people with special
authority, affiliations, licenses, or permits. Pharma-
ceuticals and firearms fall into this category, since local
authorities typically dont want everyone to have
access to these goods. Typically, a hero can get
Controlled materials by going to some trouble to meet
the legal requirements.

Military: Weapons or items that are only available
1o autharities, corporate-sponsored teams, or individu-
als with extremely hard-to-get licenses fall into this cat-
egory. The approval process is very likely to deny a
hero a chance to purchase ftems in this category.
Heavy weapons, unarmed military vehicles, super-
computers and Als, and controlled technologies such
as mass reactors and stardrives are good examples.

Restricted: Material and weapons of this type are
not available to the private citizen. In fact, even the
authorities keep these items locked up and under strict
accountability. Armed military craft, government
encryption devices, and the heaviest military hardware
are restricted. To obtain Restricted devices or weapons,
a hero must belong to an organization that can acquire
these things, and she must convince her superiors that
it's needed.

of artificial blood is effective for any given skill check.
Each package includes six applications. Item 200050101,
#50, 0.3 kg, Common

IsoMEeD ARTIFICIAL SKIN

In a firefight, a combat medic doesn't have the time or
training to surgically repair every injury he encounters.
Artificial skin gives him the ability to quickly patch flesh
wounds and minor injuries, allowing him to concentrate
on life-threatening wounds while returning his comrades
to the fight as quickly as possible.

The medic’s best friend, artificial skin is a special adhe-
sive bandage that can be molded and shaped to the exact
contours of an injury. It's an outstanding pressure ban-
dage that quickly brings most bleeding under control, as

well as an aseptic dressing that won't come loose or
require changing under most circumstances. Artificial
skin adds 1 point to the amount of damage healed by
means of the first aid or treatment skills, and counts as 1
automatic success in the medic’s complex skill check to
heal wound damage (using Knowledge-first aid or
Medical Science-treatment) or repair mortal damage
(using Medical Science-surgery). The extra healing is
cumulative with the bonus for artificial blood.

Artificial skin is made of advanced plastics, and comes
in foil-wrapped strips 4 cm wide and 10 cm long. A weak
alcohol solution is sufficient to dissolve the patch; any
medic can prepare it from rubbing alcohol or other
everyday materials. Cutting or ripping an applied patch
from the patient inflicts d4—1w. Each package has six
applications. tem 200070105, ¥50, 0.1 kg, Common

MepCARE ONE FiRsT Ap KiT

Ask any outdoorsman-a first aid kit is the first thing you
need when you go walkabout. Why take chances when
your life's on the line?

In the Gravity Age, first aid kits include three applica-
tions of artificial skin for cuts and abrasions, surgical
thread and needles, burn dressings, antiseptic dressings,
and a 3D crystal describing emergency treatments and
procedures. The 30 can be played in any data slate or
computer, providing a handy reference for medical emer-
gencies. This is a better kit than the PL 4 listing in the
AutenNITY Player’s Handbook; it provides a 2 step bonus
to Bnowledge-first aid and Medical Science-treatment
skill checks, and allows the medic to heal d4-1 points of
wound damage (minimum of 1 point) when a first aid
complex skill check is completed, or d4 points of wound
damage if treatment is the skill beind employed. Item
210850310, $100, 1 kg, Common

MedCare One First Aid Kit

’

=
m
=
c
=
=
(=]
m
==}
=
=
=
=
o
=
o
o — |
E
™
o

