STEP 2: ARMOR
The level of armor you decide to install in your new ship
design will affect the durability you have available for all
other installed systems. Like all other installed systems, a
ship’s armor takes up hull points.
Light armor takes up no hull points.
Medium armor requires hull points equal to 5 percent of
the ship’s total hull point score.
Heavy armor requires 10 percent of the ship’s hull
points.
Super-heavy armor requires 20 percent of the ship’s
hull points.
Armor protects a ship against the effects of enemy fire,
reducing the damage of hits sustained by the ship.
Alloy
Composed of carefully fitted belts or plates of very tough al-
loys such as vanadium steel, alloy armor is reasonably
cheap and effective.
Polymeric
Polymeric armor is made up of advanced polymers, like car-
bon fiber and high-grade fiberglass. It is relatively cheap and
light, but doesn’t offer tremendous protection.
Reflective
Consisting of dense, highly polished plates of metal, reflec-
tive armor is effective against simple energy weapons. It is
quickly defeated by more advanced weaponry.
Design Tip: Armor
Your ship design should devote about 10 to 20 percent
of its hull points to defenses—armor and shields. Of
course, you can maximize protection, but you’ll have to
give up firepower or maneuverability. Similarly, going
light on the armor leaves you more room for weapons
and engines. It’s your call.

Neutronite
Advanced materials technologies lead to the creation of artifi-
cially dense materials that can withstand enormous forces.
Neutronite is a tough steel alloy into which a “weave” of free
neutrons has been pressed. It is incredibly massive, weighing
about five times more than a similar volume of lead.
Reactive
A forerunner of the more advanced nanofluidic armor, re-
active armor consists of layers of insulating gel or com-
pressed gas between cerametal sheets. High-velocity im-
pacts and energy beams may burn through the armor be-
fore it can dissipate the impact or heat of an intense blow.
Crystallis
This sophisticated armor consists of a crystalline lattice that
absorbs phenomenal amounts of energy. While it is not
particularly effective against projectiles and other massive
weapons, it is the finest energy protection available.
Nanofluidic
Consisting of a thick layer of gel-like fluid sandwiched in a
neutronite structure, nanofluidic armor is “smart” armor—it
concentrates at the point of impact to blunt physical blows,
and circulates around heat sources to dissipate energy. It is
the most effective armor available.
STEP 3: POWER PLANT
